and welcome to the W show we've got a
lot of great topics today Ubisoft says
gaming subscription success requires
Gamers to be comfortable not owning
games I mean I for what I'm comfortable
not owning their games if that's their
attitude about it means um in all
seriousness though they're probably
going to win this but U any I don't know
about that it has been officially
confirmed Now search engines are in fact
getting course a recent study revealed
that uh yeah it's not just Google it's
across the board pretty much what else
we got today did I manage to steal your
too you sure did uh and then I found a a
a makeup one and I lost it Fujitsu
agrees it is morally culpable in 700
plus wrongful convictions ooh which is a
rough thing to agree to yeah also uh
everyone's been raging at YouTube for
for going after their computer
performance uh and it was an ad blog bug
whoops we'll talk about
[Music]
that the show is brought to you today by
deom ag1 and oh no I missed
it I I missed the last one uh odd pieces
tremendous why don't we jump right into
our headline topic today and that is
that Ubisoft uh during an interview
about the launch of the new Ubisoft Plus
premium and classic subscription okay
hold on actually we're going to get into
this in a
second shout out
Ubisoft okay I don't think anyone puts
more work into rebranding their
than
Ubisoft okay okay you got what how many
names has their stupid launcher ever had
come guys hit us in the chat okay I
think it was you play at the start
you're the look on your face by the way
amazing um Ubisoft connect is one of
them uh no I don't
so I think it's Ubisoft connect now I am
bear goes it's not you play anymore no
no no formerly Ubisoft game launcher
yeah I think that's what it started as
yeah okay okay yeah that's according to
Tony B 486 in the float plane chat it's
Ubisoft plus now it's not even Ubisoft
connected anymore Ubisoft
plus
uh okay hold on I think the game
launcher is still called Ubisoft connect
I don't think we can take everything
float plan chat is saying is Gospel
truth skate Ruben says was it origin at
one point no that was
EA yeah it's not it's not Ubisoft plus
it's it's Ubisoft connect Ubisoft plus
is their Subscription Service those are
that we're talking about the launcher
right now um the launcher was originally
called Ubisoft game launcher and then up
playay up playay was actually a good
name in my opinion uh they had an online
pass called you play passport okay uh
this was back in like 2012 or 201 13 you
play plus a monthly subscription service
that gave you access to over a 100 games
in the Ubisoft catalog was introduced at
E3 2019 cool uh and then hope you like
Far Cry and Far Cry derivatives in
October 2020 this is all from Wikipedia
so take it for what it is probably fine
in October 2020 apparently up playay and
Ubisoft Club were merged into Ubisoft
connect that makes sense and then as
part of the Ubisoft Plus what um wow uh
so anywh who let's get back to um the
launch of the new Ubisoft Plus premium
and classic subscriptions what the these
things are I don't know without looking
them up I assume they are some kind of
subscription service that may or may not
have anything to do with their
Launcher Cool their director of
subscriptions oh my God they have a
director of subscriptions because of
course they do I've got it I've got the
difference between class PR all right
help me out so classic in Canadian
dollars is 10 bucks a month and premium
is 20 bucks a month in classic you get a
selection of 50 plus means hold on can
you help me out with something really
quick here sure how many games does
Ubisoft actually launch every year
that's why I said Far Cry and Far Cry
derivatives one thing to note though is
that they are a publish don't forget
about Assassin's Creed and Assassin's
Creed derivatives uh Assassin's Creed at
this point is basically a far cry
derivative hot
this is coming from someone who likes
Assassin's Creed okay that's but they
all just follow the go to the tower
reveal the map continue forward
model I see yeah anyways no I haven't
forgotten about I haven't played the
most recent one I haven't forgotten
about ano that's actually just published
by Ubisoft though so that's that's they
are a publisher and they do publish a
decent amount of games yes people like
track Mania
yeah but now hold on just a gosh darn
second here because $20 a month last
time I checked is over $200 a year yeah
it's a lot of money actually so given
that PC games only cost you know full
price if you are buying Nintendo games
or you can't wait like two weeks um you
could buy like most of the games that
Ubisoft releases that year and just
doing a premium subscription would cost
me more than I spend on Ubisoft games a
year and I buy the games that I want to
play like I'm not I don't I don't cheap
out on games so I guess what you're
trying to say is that a a better value
for people's money would be a float
plane subscription yeah we finally did
it guys we finally interviewed the new
CEO yeah he's 6 months into the job now
it took a little bit new okay maybe not
so much but definitely in the grand
scheme of things grand scheme of things
definitely new it's up on float plane
it's over an hour long it ended up
running a lot longer than we had sort of
yeah than we sort of planned to uh we
took questions from the community also
came up with some on my own and we kind
of like Rift a little bit yeah yeah it
was fun it was good so that's up on
float plane along with a whole bunch of
other great exclusives um so they're
director of subscriptions I'm I'm trying
a new thing I ah man I actually feel
really bad because I told I told Riley
and Jessica okay I want to help you guys
make Clips better so I want to try and
keep the
topics stop stop with that face I'm
going stop okay I'm going to off I'm
going to try and make the topics uh as
clean as I can without random
digressions and tensions that's never
going to happen you just have to cap it
off well I think I have made it going to
work either
uh 19 words into this topic and have
already gone on two major digressions
I'm very sorry um I will do better
ubisoft's director of subscriptions
Philip trumbl observed that in order for
video game subscriptions to really take
off a consumer shift needs to happen
where Gamers get more comfortable not
owning their games just like other
consumers got comfortable not owning
their CD collection or DVD collection
now In fairness to Mr
tromble that's a good point I am
perfectly comfortable at this point not
owning a CD collection I do not need a c
CD collection
H what would I need it for so that I can
have a bunch of random plastic in my
house so that I can get up like a
caveman when I want to listen to a
different track on a different plastic
disc do you Archive music that's
important to
you cuz you archive movies that are
important to you I only archive movies
on a central server that you're not so
much of a music guy I mean I listen to
music every day yeah for probably but
are you like that into it over an hour a
day yeah I wouldn't describe myself as
into it I spend far more time listening
to music than I do watching movies yeah
but I think that's much more casually
for me
um it's less about the casualness or not
casualness or honestly even the time
spent doing it and it's more about the
uh the convenience if I could stream
Blu-rays with the touch of my finger the
way that that I can stream an MP3 then I
wouldn't bother to have those on a
server in my house either I wouldn't
care are you not concerned about any of
it going away I think that's less of a
risk with music it's more of a risk with
movies I think that my immediate
reaction and this is going to be
probably a little unpopular with someone
um is that if a streaming service and uh
I Believe YouTube music I know Google
play music had this where if you had
something in your likes or in your
playlist or whatever else and it was
removed from the platform it would leave
a ghost
like it would leave a that it was there
so you would never lose that oh yeah
that was a song I like to listen to that
add some significance or whatever um and
then what I would what I would do
immediately if a song was pulled off of
the service that I use cuz I'm not going
to subscribe to more than one is I would
just go pirate it upload it to the
service which Google Play supported and
I believe YouTube music may also support
I can't remember I haven't had to do it
in a long time I know YouTube music can
do local play sure but I wouldn't bother
with that that would be too much work
but but Google play music you could
upload it to your own private Cloud I
don't know if that works anymore
remember so I had like two songs that
weren't available on Google Play music
one of which I actually bought on iTunes
because it was the only place I could
find it and the other one I think I I
ended up finding a download for it on a
pirate site because it wasn't available
on any streaming service so I was just
like
well okay then this the only actual way
I can get it that's how it's well I
could have bought the CD and I could
have ripped I could have ripped the file
but I was not going to buy a whole album
for one song and I believe all of the I
believe those songs are now on YouTube
music and so I I no longer actively do
that but I can tell you if something
disappeared from my playlist that would
be the first thing I would do because
I'm just I'm not interested um as for as
for movies I think I just I kind of
recognize the data delivery challenges
with having an ond demand just like
instant Blu-ray doing the same quality
as a Blu-ray be very expensive and you
know what really interesting is we've
talked about this already on the show
but I'm seeing that discourse start to
gain traction people are putting the
hats on dude like hey oh no I don't mean
that oh I mean that I I mean I'm I'm
seeing people start to recognize how
crappy Netflix looks oh yeah and like as
there was a whole thread I I I I saw
recently of somebody who bought a
Blu-ray as like almost a joke and then
they watched it at home and they were
like uh
I'm going back yeah yeah because it
looks like garbage yeah well no it looks
amazing no I mean Netflix looks like
garbage by comparison and nothing
against Netflix they are it's a
technological Marvel honestly I mean
that yeah but it's there's there's just
limitations 4K is not 4K in all
situations 1080p is not 1080p yeah
there's more factors than that yeah and
Blu-ray looks really really good
especially
like 4K UHD Blu-rays man I watched alien
for the first time uh I have did I talk
about this on W show before I'm not sure
I I finally watched it right before CES
I had never seen alien before and I
watched it on that TCL
TV I watched a
Blu-ray it was incredible it looked so
good I I just I don't think I could
watch I don't think I would even want to
watch a movie like that streamed from
Netflix like The the the ambience of it
it it's gorgeous it's yeah it's
amazing spectacularly I had managed to
avoid almost all spoilers for it too
like I
just I got to watch it with fresh eyes
it was kind of fun I don't think this
increases convenience at all though like
this this isn't coming back to you this
isn't Gamers going from discs
to to streaming services this is
completely different no and and hold on
a second because there is more that Mr
trumbl said he said part of that is
Gamers feeling secure in the knowledge
that they won't lose their progress that
their files won't be deleted and that
they won't lose what they've built in
the
game and there's the
problem they will yeah they do yeah uh
here hold on from Ubisoft this has
happened hold on servers sh let's okay
here it is you Ubisoft shutting down uh
hold on decommissioning of online
services for all the games okay here
here here here here here's a here's a
post from uh
Ubisoft okay so Assassin's Creed 2 is no
longer available let's find something
okay ano
1404 wait hold on if you ulc hold on
hold on hold on what am I looking at
online services for older yeah okay so
online services are closed for these
games an 14 1904 America's Army uh that
was only on Xbox that one a bunch of
Assassin's Creed games uh were retired
between 2014 in
2022 Beyond Good and
Evil um Far Cry 2 shut
down man actually a lot of Far Cry Far
Cry 3 the 2022 release so for 10 years
for 10 years 10 years is a long time 10
years is long enough that you could be
16 when you play this game and you could
be 26 by the time they shut it down but
here's the problem with
that what if you're 26 27 and you're
like oh yeah I want to like go
experience that the way that I
originally experienced it like that game
might have aged kind of rough but lots
of games don't to be honest yeah like
what about when when did Civ 5 come out
what about just Dan's three kids okay
probably not a good example Civ 5 came
out in 2010 so it's over a decade old
yep I play it every once in a while
still yep that's not not even Nostalgia
glasses and you know what I mean when I
was talking about how I was comfortable
with this whole uh Subscription Service
thing for music yeah that is a big part
of why I'm comfortable with it because
over time the quality of the library has
improved not gotten worse although I
have a lot that I could say about the
YouTube music appus Google Play music
got a lot worse the app
got YouTube music is spectacularly trash
compared to Google Play music if they
just brought back the Google Play Music
app so much better and I would just I
would I used to be like Evangelical
about it like people would talk about
how Shopify was so great and I'd be like
youif I think you mean Spotify Spotify
sorry you have not heard of the Google
Play music Let me show you the ways uh
and did I mention it comes with YouTube
premium yeah and then they trashed it
and I was like well I'm never showing
this off again because I'm happy it
comes for free free with premium I will
not pay for two just like you said yep
but it's a lot worse than Spotify so it
is what it is um so yeah a big part of
why I'm comfortable with it is that
convenience and and trusting that the
service is going to continue to exist
and also that if it doesn't then I could
just jump ship to Spotify yeah or I
don't know like title title there's a
few uh apple apple music I could just I
could just jump to something else
whereas with Ubisoft well okay
these games are their own games on their
own platform um so I if for whatever
reason I don't like what they're doing
with the platform there is no
competition that I could jump to whether
it's you know price increases or or or
cutting the library or whatever else it
is and I don't trust that those things
are going
to be
maintained there's no reason to trust
that all of the precedent has been that
they won't be so like like very
extensive precedent from a huge
multitude of companies has been that it
won't be our discussion question is what
would it take for you to trust a company
that has this kind of power over your
gaming library and I think we both know
the
answer no oh okay well I know the answer
I want a commitment in writing that if
any online services are to be terminated
that they will be either open- sourced
or there will be a good faith effort to
negotiate with the Gaming Community to
hand over the tools to continue that
service uninterrupted I just don't think
it's ever going to happen well I look I
didn't say it was realistic I just said
yeah that is right though I do agree
that's what it would take for me to
trust them to just be like yeah it's all
subscription now you you own nothing
with that said it's not like it's really
any different if you buy it you're still
just renting
it not always must the online services
are they can just shut them down at
their discretion yeah but if they did
sign that thing well then I'd be fine
with that too but I just mean it's not
an option in either case our options
right now are to give them all our money
up front or to give them our money over
time to not give them all our money
ever is that today that's this month
that's a month
wow you know what I will you want to see
it it
it's I really
wow
ooh wow I hold on can you go back to
that for a
sec this really bothers me so from here
look at the y- AIS on this chart yeah
yeah okay so that's good go to the one
month
one I hate that yeah there should be one
is that we or zero should be zero yeah I
um there's there's an app that I use for
monitoring stock prices not because I
own stocks but just because
I I follow the tech industry and if I'm
not paying attention to you know
who's wow AMD
is remember that compy Tex video I made
where I was like you should invest in
AMD by the way this is not Financial
advice or whatever anyone who invested
in AMD at that point I think that it's
like it's like a four bagger now or
something like that anyway the point is
I do pay attention to it and one of the
things that I
I I don't do this very often but I
noticed that I didn't like about the app
and I actually went out of my way to
message the developer of the app and ask
you know hey I'm I don't happen to be a
paying customer of yours because I don't
need any of your premium features
because I'm just a looky L but um I
would love to be able to fix the bottom
of the Y AIS at zero because otherwise
it makes the swings in value look
enormous when in some cases they aren't
that large to to some investors they
might want to see that view though CU
they might be trading on that level so
that's valuable sure fair enough but but
on that level also need to be able to
see can still be distorted because the
thing is that not all stocks uh have a
price that is directly comparable like
depending on how many times it's been
split for example totally so you could
have a stock that's priced at
$600 and it could have fluctuated from
$580 to 600 0 and it could look like
this giant line and then you could have
another stock that's priced at around
$70 and went from 30 to 70 and it looks
like that same line but that's actually
a really big difference yeah and they
were like nah my big thing here okay is
actually
this
what that's what I was looking atga
15.72% year to date yikes that's the
that's the like oh all did anyone buy
AMD when I made that video someone in
flo plane chat said they made a killing
on AMD and in Nvidia Eric rorc says it's
more like 10 times when you made that
video worksman O2 said my Nvidia stock
purchas is up 13,000 per oh 1300% he
corrected
it that's
crazy uh Bean 710 I did just checked
Jonas yes mad powder I'm up over 100 %
bre I wanted to but like can't cuz work
and stuff oh man but I was I was
yeah oh man all right yeah I I I was
look I I think I made it clear at the
time and I've made it clear since then I
am not a financial adviser I am not an
analyst or whatever but I was looking at
it back then going dang it's not so much
that amd's road map looks great it does
look great it's more that Intel's road
map looks like abs absolute doggy yeah
and it's a duopoly people are going to
need processors people are going to need
computers oh
man J 529 says which stock should I buy
right now brother I want I no no
Financial advice no I'm not I'm not
giving any Financial advice I I man I
can't believe what's been going on with
Nvidia lately it's crazy I mean I
shouldn't say I can't believe it I I do
believe it it makes sense because they
are a money printing machine basically
every wafer that they can possibly get
from tsmc what what was it rumored
Facebook was buying
billions billions of gpus for their AI
Endeavors if I remember correctly Google
passed uh their salary expenditure on
Hardware really I I I remember let me
try to find this that's
insane meanwhile twitch chat would you
recommend I invest my money in CS2
weapon skins yeah I mean honestly maybe
I don't know I don't know anything about
that but yeah uh November 24th Google
reportedly now spending more on computer
power than
people yeah expect that to be a trend
that continues yeah it's kind of scary
um oh man hold on I was I was going to
say something
um shoot
no yeah yeah I left it hey do you
remember when we had that private
conversation where I was like I really
like the direction Intel's going if I
was a stock buying person I would buy
Intel and I think it was I think it was
with you you told me hey I know someone
who knows something about something and
they're like no no no no man
until it's like way up since then when
would this have been uh like over a year
ago was a while back basically it was
around the time that Pat Ginger took
over I don't remember this at all yeah
okay that's fine um yeah the point is
they are they are on a very different
trajectory than they were um and I think
the argument of that person was
something something arm something
something data center something
something and I was like yeah but I
don't think you've really understood his
vision for the company his vision for
the company is to to be Intel and also
to be
tsmc um which is a pretty big deal which
is kind of a big deal so in the last uh
cuz like if Nvidia is making big fat
stacks so is tsmc yep and then by
Intel's logic so should they to be clear
I'm not saying to do that today I I have
no idea you know if it will continue on
the trajectory that it's on and that
would be a much longer term play I think
a lot of people um stock more like
gambling like they're expecting a payoff
in 6 months or 3 months or a month or a
day there's this whole thing where like
current generation uh sees effective
forms of gambling as the only way to
make it so like yeah that kind of checks
out man I was I read this interesting
article about
how there's pretty much a generation of
people now for whom competing and
winning in a Mr Beast challenge seems
like a more realistic way to change
their situation in life than hard work
because hard work is just not
effective and it's
like this is why I said what I said um
back when Jimmy was facing a bunch of
backlash for something stupid I can't
remember what it was where I was just
like yeah he's young he's like he's
going to make mistakes like I I told him
Beast Burger was a mistake flat out I
was like dude no um and he figured it
out eventually so good on him for that
like he he he makes mistakes but I think
I I said I think his heart's in the
right place I think I think Jimmy
Donaldson for
president I think he no stop I think he
cares about helping people and I think
that I think that he's the kind of
person who looks at a resource like
money and goes well yeah but like
couldn't we just use this really
effectively to make people's lives
better and he's doing it on a really
really small scale that you know you can
you can talk all day about you know um
uh image sanitization with philanthropy
or like you know the uh the the the
corruptness of donations and blah blah
blah you can kind of you can kind of
attack from any different I don't I
don't know him at all I think he would
struggle really hard with the
overpowering amount of corruption that
there is in governmental systems I won't
even say American governmental systems
I'm just going to say governmental
systems in general yeah I think that's
very fair like let's use our money in
this way yeah and then you have to go
through the armies of people that are in
between you and that actual spend that
are going to try to take all their own
cuts that are going to try to scam it
and whatever various way like all these
there's a lot more war right now than
there has been over the last while in
general just all around the world um and
something that keeps cropping up every
time one of these countries gets into a
warlike situation is like wow the
generals for all these various companies
were really scamming the whole country
really hard this whole time um so the
generals for the companies countries
countries yeah like if I remember
correctly it was like
uh I don't actually want to get into
details but like yeah it's this it's
this whole billions and billions of
dollars from multiple different
countries not not just like it's it's
yeah it's really bad yeah I I think
you're referring to a situation where
there was some some country whose
military on paper was a lot better than
it ended up being based on how much
money they were spending on it because
there was a lot of misappropriation of
funds but there's also multiple
countries that this has happened to and
it's like oh yeah turns out it's like
pretty much all of them was it you who
was telling me that like the the US
military pays hundreds of dollars for
garbage cans or something like that oh
no it was it was way more than hundreds
of dollars um is it was it garbage cans
it was a garbage can milary I thought it
was 30 grand 3,000 shut up trash can
hold on no stop the pentagon's $52,000
trash
can okay here we go I'm going to your
laptop uh sure yeah okay it's on Y
combinator where ises this
responsible statecraft hold on I think
that was the top link yeah military
spending record highs contract is
heighted of the cost of relatively
simple
items I love that cute little dollar
tank
oh man uh so in 2020 the Pentagon paid
Boeing over $200,000 for four trash cans
yeah okay yeah this is it when the 707
fell out of use in the United States the
trash can was no longer a commercial
item meaning Boeing was not obligated to
keep its price at previous levels
according to the weapons industry so the
trash cans became roughly $
640 each for 11 trash containers
resulting in a total cost of more than
Grand and how much is a Band-Aid at a
hospital yeah that stuff is rough too
okay okay hear me
out Jimmy
Donaldson running mate the ghost of
Bernie Sanders cuz he'll probably be
dead by the time
Jimmy I was
like what's happening no did that happen
no no no not yet I just I I think the
biggest like reform that could happen in
a lot of countries right now is like
getting scams like this out of
government spending cuz you look around
and you're like there's a lot of taxes
all the time you know there just
everything gets taxed a lot all the time
what does that go into and it's like
genuinely hard to figure out and then
you read stuff like this and it's like
oh
cool I mean that Boeing executive has to
wipe his ass with money somehow yeah
yeah I guess right yeah me meanwhile
twitch chats takeaway here is I'm
hearing invest in Mr
Beast never change twitch chat yeah yeah
yeah love you guys
um yeah so uh things are frustrating and
stuff okay and you don't own games
anymore L got them all right second
topic you want to pick one uh
it's yeah I I I I I I hate to bring them
up actually I don't at all I love it but
I'm going to do it anyways um bg3 has
spoken out against this um Boulders Gate
3 mean uh I I I I mean Larry in studios
oh okay Sven himself specifically I hope
I'm saying that right um I think sven's
a pretty common
nameen uh let me try to find the
Tweet I'm hearing invest in trash can
manufacturing um
okay oh it's doing that thing where it's
serving me all the tweets out of order
cuz I'm not logged in nice I'm logged in
I
think Ubisoft subscription not okay to
its credit typing x.com legitimately is
faster than typing twitter.com oh cool
I'm never going to remember
that I can't find it I can't find find
it I think I can find it through my
phone hold
on is this Brian Adams and Taylor
Swift no
way yeah so Sven Sven said uh whatever
the future of games looks like content
will always be king it's going to be a
lot harder to get good content if
subscription becomes the dominant model
and a select group gets to decide what
goes to Market and what does not direct
from developer to players is the
way getting a board to okay a project
fueled by idealism is almost impossible
and idealism needs room to exist even if
it can lead to disaster subscription
models will always end up being a cost
benefit analysis exercise intended to
maximize profit there's nothing wrong
with that but it may not become a
monopoly of subscription
Services um we we are already all
dependent on a select group of digital
distribution platforms and
discoverability is brutal should these
platforms all switch to subscription
it'll become Savage in such a world by
definition the preference of the
subscription service will determine what
games get made trust me you really don't
want that tldr you won't find our games
on a subscription service even if I
respect that for many developers it
presents an opportunity to make their
game I don't have an issue with that I
just want to make sure the other
ecosystems don't die because it's
valuable what a Chad
move we will not do this this thing
sucks we want to build our games in the
idealized way that we want to build them
sick they just keep doing cool stuff man
ah so cool I don't know I just wish they
made games other than that yeah cuz I
kind of couldn't get understand that but
there're yeah I mean that's fair it's
just not really your style of game which
is fair but it's still a fantastic game
I I'll take I'm going to take another
run at it
I'll take another run at it play it with
yourself or like with me or something
it's it's a huge time commitment it is
huge and
like it's a big deal and like if you
really want to enjoy it a lot of it's
like okay even the game that shall not
be named yeah
the the amount of like places yeah and
mechanics and the controls and stuff if
you play a game for one hour and then
like like I mean a new game like a
modern game where it's not just like the
tutorial is here's how to W ASD control
for Crouch Mouse to
look like play a modern a modern game
that in a genre that you don't normally
play okay play it for one hour you won't
even probably be hard for some of these
nerds you won't probably even be through
the tutorial go away don't touch it for
two weeks yeah come back play another
hour there can be some learning curve go
away don't touch it for two weeks and
come back and play another hour how do
you it's so hard to get into it yeah
yeah I I don't want them
to to like weaken it though to be
completely honest no I get it I get it
it's it's a hardcore game for hardcore
Gamers yeah 100% I get it's really
really deep and they have a lot of
systems going on so there there's going
to be some level of complexity I don't
think it's too bad though and I'm I'm
actually kind of like wondering what you
got hung up on
um cuz like there wasn't a large
learning curve for original sin for me
and or Divinity and you played Divinity
and had no problems with it so like I
well I I mean I was just kind of taging
along with you like it was that was the
that was the tutorial we were just
talking to people and like I play Dragon
Age yeah I don't know I think a big part
of it might have been because I was
playing with um a non- gamer this is
what I'm saying I no get I get it I get
it I get it so on the one hand we were
going extremely slow sometimes and on
the other hand we were like blitzing
through areas that are just like you
know you you're like my gamer sense is
tingling I should be doing this thing
why to talk to these people uh wow this
is a really non- methodical way of going
through this settlement that is clearly
designed to be walked through this way
you know like that yeah yeah yeah yeah
yeah that's part of it but also I I
just I look at that game I see it in my
library and it looks
like I am going to spend at least 30% of
this gaming session Googling controls
trying to remember what was happening
last time trying to figure out where the
crap I am and honestly I'd rather just
shoot some heads in Halo see like yeah I
can't like tell you you're
wrong but I feel like something's
because of the power dynamic in our
relationship cuz that's that's what
people will assume no because you're
afraid to speak truth to power oh my
God no it's just like you can't you can
tell from his body
language you can't tell someone who's
like I'm having a hard time with this he
actually fears
me just we spent like the entire video
we were filming before this just
trashing on each
other
H so yeah you you can't like tell
someone who's like this is difficult for
me that they're wrong but I do I'm
wondering if there's like something in
particular that you're hitching on that
I could just solve for you and then it
would be over did they said to Blink if
you need
help oh my goodness um yeah it's nothing
in particular I you know what okay all
right all right all right all right all
right all
right I'll play it you don't you don't
like no look I I'm a man of my work
I I watch Pirates of Silicon Valley I
watched that other stupid crappy movie
uh what was the third thing that I said
I would do I played through the campaign
of Titanfall 2 I I committed I committed
and I did them and I mean you know you
don't seem to feel the same way about
your commitments oh my goodness my
computer cannot run the game stalling
out I will I will play it soon sure I
mean theoretically I'm getting that
other one yeah that esper can save
itself oh my goodness oh my
goodness I actually really want to play
it I have the you you let me that
controller it's sitting right next to my
mous pad cuz I like want to play it but
I just I can't I found out he was
playing on a keyboard and I was like
brother I got really good at the
whatever yeah I got actually very good
at the combo on keyboard like I emo
asked me what I was doing one time cuz I
was playing it I was like going so fast
and she's like what's happening I was
like I just memorized all the inputs
don't tell them it's a lot easier on a
keyboard it is
way easier on a keyboard so it's time to
actually have to deal with occasionally
inputting a combo incorrectly which I
feel like it's actually correct because
the reason why it's easier on a keyboard
is because it's like broken and the
reason he's so powerful is because
there's a chance the com yeah and you're
trying to go quickly because you have to
get to the next action input like it's I
want to play it properly like when I'm
when you're doing it on keyboard it's
like okay you go left and then angled
left and then down you you actually just
go left down down cuz there's no angled
left so it I I don't know if it takes
left or down you can also just roll
them or at least that was true in
emulators I I my first time beating that
game was not on my SN with my cartridge
cuz I lost my Super Nintendo when I
moved to my mom's house mhm I never I
never got it back I have no idea
whatever happened to that Super Nintendo
so um as a kid I got stuck on the
floating continent every time
and I
stop no this won't be a spoiler okay and
I didn't know that you can cast magic
outside of battle okay yeah yeah so
there's a particular dungeon that's
rough at a particular stage in the game
when potions are
like little bit of Health little bit of
health and you could only hold 99 of any
particular item in your inventory so I
would make get halfway through this
stupid dungeon and run out of potions
cuz I didn't know I could just cast cure
outside of battle and uh or eventually
had the older sibling of one of my
friends like help me with it like can
you pass this for me and my jaw just
about hit theor the second he cast out a
battle the second they open you're like
I could have obviously done
this I haven't found it like partic the
town I'm in right now is the hardest by
a massive
zo zoo a yeah everything else been
honestly pretty
easy um what are we talking about right
now not a clue Boulders great gate three
I oh because they 4 and slip Boulders
great three it is yeah water only water
can get through they they were looked at
a little bit weird for not like joining
Game Pass and
doing oh great oh my God that really
good it took me took continue the topic
I didn't like try to even bother
understand what it was um they they were
questioned a little bit as far as my
understanding goes for not joining like
Game Pass and stuff like that so I
already knew they kind of had this
stance but to reaffirm the stance in the
light of this I think is very cool CU I
think it's pretty important and I
think in my opinion the quality of shows
and TV and movies and stuff has maybe
been dampened a little bit by the
subscription model um
and I strongly agree with what he was
saying about how that would happen to
gaming because what's going to get
funding is whatever can sell predictably
yeah or whatever will will will be able
to be played whatever going to for many
hours retain subscribers on the
subscription model yep so things like
daily login rewards and stuff that keep
people wanting to stay subscribed is
going to be the things
that get
uh you know allowed to be made so that's
not fun I don't like that
cool all right Dan did we ever do a
second topic I think that was your
second what was it uh that was Ubisoft
says gaming subscriptions require Gamers
to not own game no that was the first
topic uh wasn't your second topic the
bg3 one no that's not that's a top so no
we never did a second top okay well
let's talk about the SSD shortage that's
expected this is not Financial advice
but buy lots of ssds there's your next
investment don't don't actually don't
that's sell them on the street cor I I I
I know they say it's
nonvolatile where's my
[Music]
ding but don't do that uh prices of high
capacity ssds are projected to spike by
15 to 20% due to a shortage of 4 and
eight diand pack Pages while some of
this price increase is already hitting
retail it may be 2 to 3 months before
the impact of these supply shortages hit
consumers fully it is possible that this
is a downline consequence of makers of
3D nand cutting production due to
previously low demand notably 2023 was a
no good very bad year for sales of
electronics however some OEM have
significantly scaled up their purchases
of ssds as of this quarter meaning that
well well low supply high demand what
happened to pricey he go up um our
discussion questions how should users
looking for an SSD deal with these kinds
of shortages I would say that if you're
on the fence um I would probably pick up
an SSD now but understand that overall
price for in general price goes down
price for um price per capacity price
for nand storage yeah generally
go down so I I would not actually recomm
it as an investment yeah but if you're
like I've been thinking about getting
one and you feel like you probably will
within the next X amount of months maybe
do it sooner than later speaking of
Investments it's time to find out how
much I made on my Lego roller coaster
what oh nothing what okay it's
apparently still worth exactly what it
was when uh when I bought it I don't
understand what's happening well Lego
retired sets can do really well oh okay
so you bought one right before it
retired well I bought one of these like
3 years ago we only just finally
finished building it because we lost a
couple of pieces in the move well we
lost a couple pieces before the move and
then it was exacerbated by the move
anyway we finally it's so cool this
thing is so cool the
cats love
it like you just do things actually like
Roll Along yeah it has a yeah it has a
it has two trains or cars or whatever
whatever they're called it
goes do the cats just like watch it they
watch it sometimes they bad at it they
brownie in particular
freaking loves it you just you just sit
there and it's so fun I'm watching him
he's watching the coaster and I'm just
turning the crank like moving the
bringing the cars up to the top and he's
just
like like watch he's he's like so into
it like sometimes he like goes at the
mechanism for the for the track that
drags the uh the trains I guess what the
heck are they what's the word word for
that carts trains whatever trains uh
drags the trains up the hill and then
sometimes he
like he goes and he like stops it on the
track it's great I love it so much fun
um I don't know maybe in another 10
years the vehicle is called the train
all right
good but yeah Lego Lego retired kits can
be uh can be a very strong investment uh
I think that just collecting hobbyist
crap would be a really fun hobby SL
investment do you think IP based ones
would probably do better than like
roller
coaster it there was like a the office
set I feel like that might do pretty
well I don't know man I don't know what
I don't know if the office is going to
be not the office maybe maybe there's
some like I would say the kid ones are
the stronger ones so kid today Nostalgia
tomorrow yeah I don't think you're going
to have the same kind of nostalgia for a
Michael Scott Lego figurine necessar
neily but then you never know because a
big part of what makes something
collectible is how many they sold and
maybe the office set was not
particularly popular or maybe it was I
actually just don't know uh but no I I
would say the big ones are going to be
the ones that are the hotness for kids
right now there was a $3,500 Pokemon
card for sale like it was insane uh if
you think that's insane you should look
up Pokemon cards for
sale that doesn't even sound very high Z
biggie you can't use it Linus that
completely destroys the value all right
well I'm over it I I I I am having my
like $500 worth of fun with it for sure
my kids are my kids are enjoying it a
ton I I am I am very anti collect it and
put on a shelf and never look at it and
make sure it doesn't have too much light
and never touch it and never do anything
with it I'm not I'm not into that I
don't like it yeah all of Luke's
Collectibles are digital he's big into
nft
I was like huh remember nfts yeah good
riddance to bad
rubbish oh my I honestly
okay when I found out how much the value
of the like first tweet nft had gone
down it was like a couple
hundred a part of me was like yeah sure
you know like
I like I the the idea of that it had
been worth so much and that I bought it
for so little was kind of amusing to me
funny yeah and I was like I I would
consider buying a couple of nfts for
like $30 or whatever like at at this
stage in the
game I didn't end up buying any because
it seemed like it's a lot of work dumb
you're literally just like I could burn
$100 or a couple hundred or whatever
yeah there's no actual value I I you
you've heard me give my Spiel to my kids
now right right multiple times yeah
every single time we play Halo oh really
no I don't think so uh okay fine then
you should probably be able to recite it
uh oh man I don't really pay attention
remember we don't do that we don't if if
you if you can't earn it whatever
something see it clearly hasn't sunk in
okay I'll have to do it more often you I
don't need it it's always in the form of
a question okay yeah okay do we spend
money on things that we can't touch or
even own no no okay and then we're is
that a smart thing to do no why not you
know yeah like like it's a it's a whole
it's a whole thing it's a it's a whole
thing good I don't even I think it gets
in my personal opinion I think it gets a
little bit nuanced sometimes because I
look at like how much value I got out of
the thing sure like I think I've talked
about this before but I bought some
seasons passes for Rocket league and I
think that was a good thing to do
because I got the game on some insane
sale for like five bucks and then I
played the heck out of that game so it
like felt correct to contribute more to
the thing yeah that's toally I didn't do
it because I was like oh my God I want
my skins for my car and then psionics
got bought by epic games yeah yeah so I
guess that worked out great for you well
I mean pionic got more money or the
valuation was potentially worth more
whatever whatever like I'm still fine
with it yeah now you can't buy rocket
league on Steam so good job luk I still
have it on Steam though it's entirely
your fault I didn't take it off of steam
if you already had it well yeah but like
okay my son wanted to get Rocket League
he's like yo how do I get Rocket League
I'm like well didn't you already have it
yeah but he doesn't use my account
anymore oh yeah he has his own account
now and I was like okay we guess we
could put epic gam store on the
computers and then I like explained how
I didn't really want to have like a
bazillion launchers on these things and
he was like oh yeah forget it
then good kid yeah
yeah uh no you do not not have to have
epic installed to play rocket league on
Steam I think so not not the last time I
did it it's been quite a while I haven't
played rocket League you okay yeah no
you don't um all right we're supposed to
explain and do two merch messages but
before we can do that I finally have
done
it what hold on I'm just heading to
linest tech tips.com oh uh oh um hold on
a second
see if I can uh see if I can find
something uh here we go here we go wait
L detectives.com here we go here we go
here we go oh I see I have changed you
changed it everywhere my profile
picture big change I know revisionist
history what no that's not revisionist
history I'm being erased would you like
to know why I did such a
thing yes thank you for playing along
for a change you are such a butthead
about this stuff
sometimes I know the answer I know the
answer I don't need the setup it's here
ladies and
gentlemen we have named this latest
garment that you uh were noticing
earlier on in the
show oh I've been like sweating in here
wearing that stupid hoodie over top of
this thing yeah we're calling it
the Steve it looks pretty good of course
it does it SS a t store what you talking
about um it's not just any turtle neck
okay the Steve is a mock neck with a
seam up the middle like the iconic mock
neck that the one and only Mr Steve Jobs
famously
wore oh yeah it's a whole thing some
designer was like oh yeah that's really
important to have that seam up the
middle oh it has a little macad dress
logo yeah yeah I like that it's not like
a crazy it's not like super tall yeah
it's mock it's got a little bit oh I
didn't know that but look at this I mean
how cool it looks horse POS with the
iMac oh I love it this is a great photo
shoot oh no windows I enjoy that that's
fun uh yeah so there it is very subtle
but it's
there this is great man everyone really
got into the whole props thing with this
shoot yeah Ariana from
HR oh wow we got a lot of people
participating in the shoot this
time that's the last one
nice anyway so I I have finally I have
finally updated my profile picture uh
Maria took this for me today during the
shoot I think I probably could have
gotten the facial expression a little
bit better you know I think like I think
I should have been down a little bit
more I don't know but I it we we we did
we did it pretty quick and realistically
it looks better than the old one so I
think that original picture that I took
that was a still from an old episode of
netlink which was the
news uh like Roundup that we did still
are you sure NC Tech tips yeah it was it
was a still from a video where I
borrowed Billy from rma's
glasses and I forget why I was doing
like a Steve Jobs pose but it had
something to do probably with the news
that week and the video started zoomed
in on me and then zoomed all the way out
and I like break character completely
you know what's funny is that picture
has actually been a source of
controversy over the
years I have seen on not one not two but
many occasions people criticize me for
having that like Steve Jobs pose profile
picture because it illustrates that I
have some kind of Messiah complex and
believe that I am an innovator on the
level of Mr jobs what the f are you
talking
about it's just a funny picture is meme
is Is MeMe is
okay yeah uh
anyway we uh man I thought I took the
picture but I guess it was just net
linked so I was probably pressed record
once yeah so we we put we put probably
way too much work into this garment it's
been in development for over a year it's
really nice it looks nice yeah it's like
it's super it's a little on the heavier
side you know like it's um isn't that
usually what a shirt like that would be
though that makes sense yeah but it's
but it means it's a completely different
garment like we couldn't we couldn't
just use nope we couldn't use previous
materials we couldn't use our previous p
patterns cuz it has a very different
neck uh so get getting stupid neck right
without it like punching up or whatever
like God we went through so many samples
um getting getting the look right so
we what we discovered is that the fit of
the original was very boxy not very
modern so we
moderneditors it's a really cool shirt
and uh as it turns
out it's really hard to obtain if you
want to get one of The Originals it was
like some Japanese designer of some sort
the the fashion team knows way more
about it than I do and if you want one
of these they're like hundreds of
dollars um so ours is I don't remember
how much ours is yeah you can see it I
had no idea there was that middle seam
yeah here Luke laptop but it's it's hard
to see in this phot it's probably not
even going to open yeah it's there
though you can you can technically see
see it yeah that's a it's a fashion seam
sure it keeps all the fashion in nice
that's good it's very
important so it's 25 bucks apparently oh
okay that seems pretty reasonable we
also have tall
sizes
really no way yah way apparently I'm
getting a mock neck yahe
brother so that's another thing is we uh
we finally did tall sizing I mean how
are we going to have Mr Jonathan Horst
promote this product being that makes
sense 64 that makes sense unless we and
we're not going to not make one that
fits me dang it because I am an
innovator on the same level as Mr jobs
otherwise why would I pose like this in
a silly profile picture because your
profile picture on a forum is to be
taken 100%
seriously I don't think the size guide
has tall oh really oh
um yeah it does where I don't know maybe
here
tall you good oh what is the oh the top
category doesn't have a section title
okay I understand cool see you later
there's body length and the top one's
width I guess anyway the point is that
we are about to talk to you about merch
messages all you got to do to interact
with the show is send a merch message in
the chat out there will be a little box
whenever we're live you can send a merch
message it'll go to producer Dan oh nice
sweater Dan it's not from LTD store
though so I'm sorry I'm going to have to
cut your feed um it'll go to producer
Dan where he will either forward it to
someone who can address it answer it
himself or curate it for me and Luke to
address later on the show to show you
guys how that works he's going to give
you a couple curated merch messages
right now hit me Dan sure thing hi dll
many of my peers are very pessimistic
about the tech industry many layoffs too
much AI Etc where do you think the tech
industry is going and how do you deal
with pessimism in general layoffs and
Ai and then AI leading to more layoffs
and layoffs necessitating more AI okay
no no hold on hold how do I deal with
pessimism bad
lonus bad
um I mean we're still
hiring yeah I mean a lot of places that
are doing these layoffs still have job
postings
um a lot of the layoffs are not just in
Dev yeah that's true pretty significant
amount of the layoffs are not Dev
they're from tech industry but tech
industry has a very high population of
like sales and admin staff and marketing
marketing and all this other stuff as
well Community Management things that
are not
necessarily Tech even if they are
necessary appendages uh of of a of an
organization yeah yeah
um I don't know there's there's
still there was there was like this
metric in a lot of like Fang and Silicon
Valley companies for a while for a lot
of managers where a a key performance
indicator of that manager was how much
they could swell their headcount um how
much they could hire
effectively and as far as my
understanding goes this is all just
hearsay um so I have no idea but as far
as my understanding goes that being a
metric is not popular anymore uh because
money is not as easily accessible
anymore so there was kind of a strategy
where if you increase your headcount
that means it's going to be harder for
other companies to get that Talent um
however talented that Talent is
um and the headcount strategy has
stopped being a thing money's harder to
get all that type of stuff so they're
trying to reduce headcount U but they're
doing so by these like big cuts which
you know are are not going to be able to
be 100% accurate so um some great people
are going to get cut out um some not
great people are going to get cut out
who knows when you're cutting a thousand
people at once bad things are going to
happen um so it sucks it's bad but it
like the the jobs are easy to get and
you will have a job at whatever enormous
company forever era is probably kind of
over but it doesn't mean there is isn't
a job market anymore um AI is helping
developers sure it's also helping tons
of other Industries uh and it's not
replacing developers or at least it's
not replacing like senior developers and
they're going to need senior developers
somehow so yeah Gregory H asked a
similar question uh firsttime merch
message I'm studying comp with all the
layoffs do you think that the field is
too inflated and I think you probably
addressed that
um pretty well at this point I mean yeah
there there's still jobs out there if
you're good there's always a job um if
you are willing to learn and cross train
there's always a job for you it's not
like these companies aren't still making
a lot of money yeah oh yeah in some
cases record profits yeah which is why I
keep I keep bringing it back to this
strategy thing um and a lot of them are
still hiring handyman in philan chat
said oh Amazon used to hire um
SD in 2020 to 2021 with one 30 minute
interview which is like
whoa interesting we're more thorough
than
that go team yeah
so it's just it's not going to be like
that anymore um but I mean that's what a
lot of Industries are
like you know not one 30-minute
interview whatever else um it's going to
get more competitive it doesn't mean
it's not there though you still get a
job all right Dan howdy dll podcast
listener here enjoyed the call out to
computer Chronicles a few weeks back
which of your videos do you want to
serve as a resource for future
generations of
techies
oh I'd like to think that a lot of the
archival content is going to
unintentionally be a resource and in a
in a what it was like back then kind of
way I mean obviously we don't think
about things that way when we're it's
already like that when we're making
these videos but uh we shot a video
today uh reacting to our best builds as
voted by the
community and there was a ton of stuff
that I forgot yeah a bunch of stuff that
Luke and Jake had forgotten about um
things I just kind of hadn't thought
about in a long time like what a great
Benchmark the Tomb Raider Reb Bo games
were dude they just they SC they scaled
with everything you know add a better
CPU FPS go up add a better GPU FPS go up
at a second GPU FPS go up just like yeah
sure I'm no no no n give me computer
power but also running great yeah on you
know pretty
pedestrian gaming grade Hardware man
great games fantastically scaling um I'd
like to think that how to build a PC the
last guide you'll ever
is going to continue to be an
extremely strong point of entry for
people into the PC Building and gaming
PC gaming hobby it's uh it's at 10
million views now and going strong like
every day it's on our top 10 viewed
videos for that day even though it was
released like a year two years ago or
something like that and I have a plan we
are going to update
it with like video replacement no cuz
that you can't do that that that's too
much of a change you can flow plane well
yeah sure got him let's go yeah super
relevant video platform there good
job hey man you're supposed to do the
business model in marketing so that's on
you yeah I just didn't have this mock
neck yet oh there you go now I could do
there you go there you go gives this
gives me
superpowers
uh sorry sorry you you got to channel
it there you go power level over 9,000
oh thanks Dan just in time our producer
everyone well he's got the belittling
[Laughter]
down okay now I just need a completely
curable cancer and then I need to treat
it with
vegetables oh you could cure it with
grape Welches if we could find any oh he
got a few today separated the I did get
a few today um
okay yeah too soon maybe uh anywh who uh
what am I supposed to be talking about
right oh yes so the plan we are going to
reupload it oh right the video yes the
how to build a PC the last gu you'll
ever need because it was aspirational
that title the last guide you'll ever
need I mean things are going to change
is computer industry I mean now we have
motherboards with the connectors on The
Flipping back I was going say yeah
people are pushing for that yeah exactly
So the plan is to is to leave that one
up because it still has very good
residual
traffic basically label it
2022 you know replaced or you know put a
link to the new one in the description
and then we're going to take that
project with all that super high quality
footage and all the incredible amount of
work that the team did we're going to
watch it through make notes okay here's
what we need to here's what we need to
update here's what probably might not be
as relevant anymore so here's what we
can can here's what we can add because
of the way we shot it which was not
intentional at the time but is going to
work out out great with multiple hosts
on multiple sets we can just shoot new
sections drop the old Boll on top of the
new a roll get any new Boll we need and
with comparatively speaking a relatively
reasonable amount of work update it so
that the last guide you'll ever need
becomes an evolving piece of
content I am yeah I'm super excited one
thing that we need to more of though and
that I realize how to build a PC the
last guide you'll ever need doesn't
address is like the little picky parts
and one of our other 10 million view
videos is the POV build
guide I need to just put a camera on my
forehead again and do it again from time
to time because that's a bit outdated
now and there's a lot of things that are
more easily understood from a
firstperson perspective compared to um
from a third person
perspective oh all
right can do
brother do you want to jump into search
engines are getting
worse he does but he needs a second do I
I think so yeah like a passionate topic
of yours okay uh refresh the page if you
know you know cool all right um a recent
study from researchers in Germany have
found that search results are getting
worse across all search engines the
study followed product reviews and this
is something that I have noticed a lot
the quality of the results that I get
when I'm trying to find information on a
product has been atrocious but that's
just anecdotal right it's sample size of
one it's not a controlled experiment in
any way well this they controlled the
experiment they followed product reviews
on various search engines including
Google Bing and duckduck go and found a
consistent downward Trend in the number
and the quality of relevant search
results and they say this is due
primarily to massive amounts of SEO spam
what's funny is that I thought that the
issue was just advertising and to be
clear advertising is a barrier that sits
in the way of finding the information
that you're actually trying to
get but I didn't consider that the SEO
game is still very much alive and well
and if
anything greatly empowered by AI oh yeah
so attempts to address this problem by
Google and others did have a measurable
impact on the amount of spam and
Google's tactics outperformed its
competitors but that effect was both
minor and temporary according to Lily
Ray a senior executive at digital
marketing agency MV digital we are
currently experiencing some of the worst
results he's seen in his entire career
in part because of an increased emphasis
on user generated content and away from
authoritative sources well that's
because uh as as handyman and a couple
other people have been saying in chat
for a long time the best way to get
results was to append readit um but and
I don't know why SEO optimization took
so long to figure this out to be honest
it was kind of weird but they have since
hijacked that as well or attempted to it
still works pretty well but but this has
created a major opening for scammers and
spammers yeah um our discussion question
is is there a way to fix
this yeah I don't think so because the
only way to fix the quality of
information in the the written web is
for there to be any money in creating
quality content for the written web yeah
and there isn't no the money is in just
crapping out AI generated listicles of
just you should buy doing all the
same amount of work that you would have
to do for something like a video
potentially even more and making it
written no there's no written article
that is more work than a video form of
the same written article strong
disagree I don't don't agree this will
be an interesting conversation yeah what
I'm trying to get at is that sometimes
written articles will go
deeper there was actually a long period
of time where to go deeper on a subject
you would go to the linked written
article okay so I should clarify I did
specifically say then a video form of
the same thing if it's the exact same
content sure yeah okay then we don't
disagree then yeah yeah yeah very nice
very good okay um yeah yeah no I'm I'm
just saying that some I I find written
articles will go further into things
sure that yeah that's fair so the format
differences do sometimes facilitate or
do do sometimes enable a deeper dive
sure yeah uh but you're you're never
going to make the same amount of money
um that you could with video because
onpage ads just are worth like almost
nothing and to make it worth your time
you have to like do really anti-consumer
very annoying web things like refreshing
the ads as you scroll and like inserting
things and having things slide over the
writing and all this crazy stuff which
is going to drive people ultimately away
from your site or to ad blocking
everything so you're just going to make
actually negative money because it costs
you money for them to be on your site
and you made nothing off the ads so it's
just like well I don't know some sites
seem to be somewhat transitioning to a
subscription model I've noticed a lot
more pay walls and they wouldn't be
popping up if they weren't
working however um
I think that there's only really room
for a very small number of sites to
succeed with a subscription
model the donation model seems to be
keeping Wikipedia AF flat but I think
given the percentage of overall web
traffic that is Wikipedia you can't just
look at you know what's working for
Wikipedia and say oh okay well why
doesn't somebody else just do that and I
don't know if this is right or not but
Wikipedia seems to
be just kind of holding on not
thriving I mean are they I don't think
they report their financials unless they
do I think they talk about like how much
run rate they have left and stuff every
once in a while when they ask for
funding don't they uh they do report
their financials full year financial
statements audited by KPMG Wikimedia
Foundation here we go boys uh it's a lot
of pages it's like 20 Pages let me see
if I can just find the the bottom line
part
um they have $75 million in cash and
cash equivalents so I think they're
doing okay you don't know how much it
costs
um for a website that
like basically everyone on the planet
uses I mean it is just text but it's a
financial not just their financial
assets at the end of
2023 are $5 million greater than
2022 okay and that number is $196
million so I see they seem to be doing
okay why do they ask for so much all the
time then well on Wikipedia they only
made $5
million but they do seem to have a fair
bit of cash is that just profit or is
that their
revenue um that's I don't know if you
call it Revenue be no this is liquidity
and availability of financial assets so
I'm not looking at revenue or profit or
anything like
that they
spent is this right $69 million on
salaries and benefits like am I reading
this wrong help me out
guys is that is that what I'm looking at
salaries and
benefits that is$ 69 million right like
I'm not I'm not developers do be
expensive I mean yeah fair enough or W
and grants uh donation processing
expenses $6
million yeah that's what that's what a
bunch of $3 donations will do for you
yeah
um travel and conferences they spent 800
Grand on that I don't know how many
people work there though so it's
possible these numbers aren't as
outlandish as they might sound what
traveling conferences well I mean travel
to conferences
right put like 800 Grand on that I me I
wonder how many like how many people
many people yeah I have no idea
truthfully for a site that I use as much
as I do and for for a tech you know hold
on they have 282 staff members and
they're spending 70 million a year on
salaries sounds like I should get a job
at Comedia that's a wrong number in 2016
there was 280 employees in 2020 there
was a approximately
450 okay so it's going up a fair
bit and that was four years
ago they hold conferences for their
Community oh okay well that'll cost you
yeah we know a thing or two about that
yeah that's real expensive yep I'm
surprised it only cost that
much oh man check out handyman he's a
good link he always has good links what
is this fundraising fundraising
statistics oh oh look at that okay so
they're trying to stay out ahead of what
their their costs will be black is their
net assets green is their revenue red is
their expenses so they do they do beat
their expenses but it do be close
sometimes it's pretty close
yeah yeah so you can see they had a
really good year in
2021 there's where that profit made its
way into cash and cash equivalence so
they're basically like okay we got this
war chest and we we're going to hold on
to that but these years they like they
didn't beat it by much no but this black
number you want them to hold on to the
war chest if you want Wikipedia to stay
existing I mean who knows when it's
coming yeah you know when someone tries
to go after them um I I I fully support
Wikipedia sitting on you know a couple
hundred million just in case isn't it
like Apple's trying to sue epic for $97
million for legal fees or something is
right like it's uh Apple Su Epic I know
appic Apple's trying to uh $73 million
trying to go hard after that um that
medical device company that um is going
after them and has an injunction on like
Apple Apple watch sales or whatever like
oh yeah they've spent a fortune taking
it to Apple on that and other other
smaller companies have come out and been
like thank you you know someone finally
having the resources and the stones to
just go toe to- Toe with apple and say
Hey you actually cannot fuing do this
this is not okay to just like set up an
office down the street from someone you
poach employees and not care about
patents and IP um and I'm not allegedly
allegedly allegedly and I'm not saying
even that apple is alleged to have done
that particular thing in this particular
case but it's a common strategy that
these giant tech companies do
employ so that the people at that
company don't even have to move you know
they just go to the office of you know
Google or Apple or Facebook or whoever
yeah yeah apple had required the lower
court don't know what that means to
order epic games to pay 90% of Apple's
legal fees estimated at $73 million he
spent $73 million in legal fees actually
no that may kind of makes sense yeah it
adds up really fast it turns out yeah
not a fan
yeah all right Dan hit me haha just
kidding he's not there kidding Dan
you're good uh do we have another topic
we want to talk about oh how about the
ad block bug that was blamed on you know
I was ready to like go to war with
YouTube so over them thring the
experience for I I basically I sent them
an email before I was aware of the full
context for this that was basically like
look guys you know as a as a YouTube
Creator I am as supportive as
anyone when it comes to you know
monetizing the platform effectively as
long as you guys continue to share share
with creators I mean I have some very
different thoughts about the ads that
they run on nonp Partner channels and
then just keep 100% of the revenue from
because that whole thing doesn't make a
ton of sense to me but when it comes to
monetizing the platform and sharing
Revenue with creators obviously I have a
vested interest in that being successful
however as I said as I laid out in my
email this is clearly a step too far you
can't interfere with the basic
functionality of the platform for users
who happen to have a particular
extension installed in their browser
like that is not it's not even just the
platform are you talking about the
platform as the Computing device yeah it
was increasing CPU
usage well when loading YouTube videos
yeah so they were like hitting the
computer yeah sure fair enough so either
way I was like look I plan to talk about
this this week I hope oh sorry playing
footsy I I hope you have a very
compelling statement um and then shortly
after that it came out that um well
uhoops uh whoops last weekend users
noticed an extreme slowdown for YouTube
videos whenever ad block was enabled
oddly even YouTube premium users who
happened to have ad block installed were
also affected a test by PC Gamer found
that CPU usage increased by 177%
when loading YouTube videos with ad
block while the Slowdown was initially
blamed on Google so this is why I sent
my original email it turned you did send
it I did yeah I send it it turned out
that users of other ad blocking
Services weren't affected and the
Slowdown was also noticeable when
loading videos on other websites um ad
block has since confirmed that this
buffering problem was caused by a bug in
its most recent update
our discussion questions are twofold one
should we be slower to assume malice in
these kinds of cases man I don't know I
just don't think I don't think Google
has
earned the benefit of the doubt lately I
mean there was the incognito mode
thing there's the general war against ad
block and how that's I do think in
general though people jump on things too
fast sure I just so I I think you're
right
I think that is
correct and I think that but I think the
second I think that Luke's take is bad
here and we should hate him yeah we
should all hate him yeah go after me get
them pitchforks I think sometimes people
it's it's the like do a bit of
evil that's their new Company motto just
just don't make it too much just do a
little bit evil um but yeah I think
sometimes it's it's the problem you know
people read a headline without reading
the article and then now they're at War
and they don't even know what they're at
War about um but they know they're
supposed to hate somebody or something
and it's just like oh my
goodness um to be clear ad block is
fixed now um so they they have since
issued a patch but no the the issue was
not in fact YouTube
however I don't know it wouldn't
surprise me if some of the ongoing
develop I'm sure Adblock would be happy
to you know update their extension once
every 6
months what I suspect is that they are
so frequently updating their extension
because of mitigations that YouTube or
Google is attempting to put in place to
prevent the service from working on the
site
so is it still Google's fault or is
Google well within their rights to try
to prevent the ad block extension from
working on their platform yeah okay
I don't know and like you you can be mad
about that you can Pitchfork that for
sure you can do whatever you want but
let's uh they're still allowed to do
that I don't know by the way apparently
um I I read the headline only today so I
haven't looked at it yet I this is my
first time looking at it apparently they
have updated
this and other people who use this
device won't see our activity however
downloads bookmarks and reading
list uh your activity might still be
visible too okay no it still doesn't say
us okay maybe you don't have the yeah
maybe it hasn't been rolled out or maybe
I don't have the latest update yeah um
it's Pro it's probably it's probably a
rolling thing but I I heard I heard that
they are upda full sh said the canary
warning replaces browse privately with
brows more privately oh hold on oh was
that what that said let's try it again
new incognit need a window
hello no mine still says now you can
browse oh is one of their builds called
Canary is there Google Chrome Canary oh
that makes sense yeah yeah yeah yeah
yeah yeah yeah okay so that's um okay
yeah so that like for about that yeah
okay makes sense see I'm more familiar
with the Firefox one
so Archangel of death death points out
that Firefox got slowed down on YouTube
a popular fix was using an agent
switcher um that wasn't a bug in an ad
blocker yeah fair enough
um did we did we manage to prove that
that was malicious I I I heard about
that one but didn't dig into that this
is my thing it if you prove that it is
go after him I'm not saying don't go
after I see I'm saying maybe maybe look
for 3 seconds before before you do so um
I don't know I just I think sometimes
with with no actual real knowledge
people will dive head first into hatred
on something um never experienced
that um I don't know what you're talking
about and I think I think there is
plenty things that deserve the the full
dive of hatred and you should go after
them I think you've imagined this whole
thing um but I just yeah I don't know I
think people should be a little bit more
careful what are you even talking
about I don't even know how to respond
to this oh man Fujitsu oh wait we should
probably do our sponsors uh Dan are we
uh is it sponsor time is that what we're
supposed to do yeah there's a little
complication with this one so oh should
we do the other two first should we wait
should we something else start with this
one and then we'll go to your cam and
what do you mean by this one what sorry
the first one the first one okay do the
first one and I'll go to your camera the
show is brought to you by deom thank you
for sponsoring today's W show that is
the cutest thing ever uh deom offers
pixel displays that add flare to your
desk or office
Dan to show deom to lonus oh I see so I
should not keep talking yeah just have a
look at it oh well that's cute we have
two up oh okay hey there's a 69ine in
the middle oh my god grow up um
the the pixio 64 display allows you to
create okay your very own pixel image
animation or scrolling
message or you can choose from many
designs uploaded by the community you
can keep visual track of your subscrib
oh that's cool uh you can keep visual
track of your subscribers your stocks
your gaming KDA the weather and more
check out deom we have the link down
below Bitcoin
nice um yeah is there is there kind of
anything else man it's you can you can
do all kinds of cool stuff with
this yeah thank you for that that's uh
that's
tremendous does that just stay there for
the rest of the show now is that the
deal I'm just leaving it here for the
rest of the show okay perfect thanks you
just replace Luke with that uh the show
is also brought to you by ag1 is your
cabinet full of various supplements our
sponsor ag1 is a convenient supplemental
drink that can replace lots of them in
just one scoop whether it's for your gut
health Focus energy or immune defense
ag1 is there for you they're loaded with
75 different vitamins and antioxidants
and the ingredients are sourced from
Whole Foods ag1 is made without
artificial flavors or sweeteners and it
has a taste of pineapple and vanilla
Dennis personally bought some oh okay
and has been taking it for almost a
month this is a quote from Dennis who
looks very credible here because of its
convenience and how easy it is to drink
I actually take some every morning
unlike other bottles of vitamins that
are just sitting in my cabinet they have
over 37,000 five-star reviews from their
customers and a 90-day money back
guarantee so if you want to take
ownership of your health start with ag1
you can try them and get a free oneyear
supply of vitamin D3 plus K2 and five
free ag1 travel packs with your first
purchase exclusively at drink a1.com
wow is that
exclusive I I I doubt that's exclusive
but anyway at drink a1.com wow go check
it out we're going to have it linked
down below the show is also brought to
you by by odd
pieces
wait you must have played puzzle before
really who wrote this played puzzle okay
doesn't matter the point is you must
have done a puzzle before but our
sponsor odd pieces is taking puzzles to
another level what odd pieces is a type
of puzzle not quite like the ones you
may have put together in your
grandmother's Den Linus to quickly show
what's inside the
Box uh okay this one
yeah
okay uh I guess I'll okay yeah sure
thanks
Luke okay there's uh here I'll hold it
you can pick things up there's two
puzzle
maps okay do you want to oh okay oh
right so these are what the puzzle is
cute Hey look it's an MSI Lucky Dragon
okay it's not the MSI one but it's
definitely a dragon I'm feeling pretty
lucky
hello open me your Adventure Starts Now
warning don't open until after you
complete the puzzle if you open it too
soon you might ruin the surprise okay so
two storytelling
Comics that's cute
Hello read me discover the world of
glitch how it works read the comic build
the puzzle uncover the mystery open the
secret envelope oh you get a sticker
pack that's cute oh sorry I'm really not
showing this to you guys very well and
then you
have oh a little find the hidden stories
checklist yeah so it's like a storyline
puzzle that's cool very cute then
there's also a puzzle that makes sense
the fun part and this kind of fun is
subjective is that the pictures on the
box don't match up exactly with the
puzzle you're putting
together oh oh oh interesting so you
build like the X
frame
oh so okay help you piece it together
keep your brain engaged you'll get the
full narrative experience rather than
just finding pieces and putting them
together plus odd pieces works with
Independent Artists who can bring their
flare and personality to each puzzle
which means if you want to gift a puzzle
to someone you can match their
personality and a part of every sale
goes back into finding more undiscovered
artists so check out odd pieces and get
15% off your purchase at the link down
below all
right merch messages how many Dan all
right hit
me Hi D as someone who primarily Works
online how do you feel about the impact
of screen time and social media on
Mental Health oh it's huge and extremely
negative social media is terrible for me
it's really really bad for everyone I'm
just really glad I don't have it on my
phone anymore yeah occasionally I'll
still like Doom scroll on Twitter or
Facebook or whatever else but now that
it's not on my phone it's so much so
much better going and touching grass is
unironically an extremely good idea and
you should do
it sounds fake but okay it's not we man
we we need to do a Chia Pet we talked
about this on our previous W show we
need to do the touch grass gen think it
would be cool just like a little square
you can have on your desk yeah that
would actually be great I would that
yeah yeah yeah we could make it like
kind of like you know techy like it
could have Orbeez in it so you only have
to water it like once in a while you
know water retention and release just
like you know like like super low M
gamer
grass gamer grass wow yeah that really
does that probably already exists and
it's probably a really different
product Oh
man yeah I was wondering what Linus's
favorite to or top motorcycling tech
gadgets or mods are besides the backpack
I've been looking uh for cool things to
bring along with me while I'm out riding
during the summer I am the basic
um I uh my bike barely even has a
digital speedometer on it it's a
2003 um I I do have an old Pebble a
pebble th that I that that I hot glued a
magnet onto the back of and then I have
a magnet that I um that I also hot glued
on to my motorbike so I can put it on
there and then I have tactile buttons
for changing uh changing media tracks
and then I have speakers embedded in my
headphones with just like a wire coming
out and then I use my old note 9 or at
least I used to I mangled my headphone
jack oh no yeah I mean I'm sure I can
like fix it or whatever but that would
suck it that phone has taken a serious
beating yeah I like man like 3 weeks ago
after I switched back to it after oh no
in between fairphone and Wing I switched
back to it temporarily and I was like
man I haven't listened to real
headphones in a while I grabbed my ie600
that I still keep in my backpack just in
case plug them in was like I forgot what
headphones are supposed to sound like
right right airpods Pro they're good for
wireless crappy headphones but they they
sound like sh right um immediately like
got it snagged on something cuz I'm just
not used to it anymore like yeah one one
side work works and it's it's not the
headphones it's the it's the Jack anyway
where was I going with this right the
point is um I'm going to have to find
I'm going to have to grab another old
phone or a new phone that has a
headphone jack or something and then
that goes in my in my pocket and I just
run it up through my thing I got my
speakers not in ears speakers and that's
it that's that's all my motorcycle Tech
just so I can get my turn by turn and my
music and so that I can change tracks
and adjust volume so uh gamer grass or
Gamers grass
um this is not an endorsement I don't
know anything about this company um we
sort of Love hugged their website
without me even talking about it um it
also it almost like completely stopped
functioning but it seems to be working
for you now this actually looks super
cool so if you're into like Miniatures
for that kind of gaming yeah if you're
into Miniatures and stuff or or I could
I could absolutely see D and D groups
even two mm Tufts oh 2 mm tall yeah that
makes way more sense I thought it was 2
mm Square I'm supposed to like assemble
like you can also get bases so you're
you're currently shopping for toughs so
if you if you clicked on bases I'm a
tough Enthusiast you
can don't shave that
tough oh my goodness uh anyways I think
this is actually super cool so no we
probably can't call it Gamers grass
um but yeah apparently there's other
brands and stuff yeah sure I don't
know what's a laser
plant a laser plant I don't know man
their s their sight's real slow right
now yeah we've got a lot of people on
here right now I think all right cool it
is not loading but yeah apparently
that's already a thing all right I'm
sure plof knows about it
probably he's gotten super into
Miniatures what Dan it's good for 40K as
well yeah yeah you have Miniatures in
40K yeah what do you think I was talking
about yeah Dan yeah Dan what the heck
Dan Dan why are you not even in the
center of your camera
Dan oh
boy all right all right hit me d uh sure
not
physically you're too far away I'm not
feeling it tonight come over here and
I'll beat you uh hey have you seen that
a couple of a small companies are making
a 500 watt ATX Gan I think that I can't
remember what that stands for some sort
of nitride n gallan nitride when do you
think we will see a g PSU in mainstream
do-it-yourself
builds uh hold on 500 watt Gan power
supply
why oh for for ITX builds
uh B light Ino chat said get off the
gamerg grass website mom said it's my
turn to
look hdplex these guys are awesome their
products are super cool it makes a ton
of sense that they would be using Gan um
Gan basically allows you to shrink um
your power supply and it's super
efficiency it's oh my God what am I
talking about it makes it so you can
build smaller more efficient power
supplies thank you um I I have not
personally looked into the electronics
engineering reasons that that's possible
but I do know that it's a um super cool
Tech and allows you to make super
compact um very efficient power supplies
so yeah this is a tiny 500 wat power
supply look how small this is that's
ridiculous um what it's not an AC power
supply this is a DC to to DC power
supply is my understand oh wait no way
is this an AC power supply yep shut up
uh-huh that's pretty wild wow there more
connectors this plug if you keep
scrolling there should be some yeah
there you go no way shut up there you go
that is bananes okay that's super cool
um yeah hdplex super cool company they
make super cool really compact silent
sometimes power supplies they they've
done some DC todc designs in the past
which is what led me to believe that
this was a DC todc no this is a 500 wat
AC todc power supply that is bananes uh
anywh who the point is that I don't
think we're going to see Gan in a
full-sized ATX power supply anytime soon
because they can already build a
full-sized ATX power supply that can do
1,600 watts in North America which is
the maximum that we can draw off of a
single circuit and they can already do a
full-size ATX power
supply that had that that'll do 2,000
Watts on 240 volt which is the maximum
no that's actually not the maximum you
can do in Europe but it's the maximum
that you could reasonably build a
computer with um anytime in the near
future never is a strong word as the
prices come down you know maybe it'll
actually be more efficient and more
cost- effective to build a gan power
supply but for now it's a premium
technology and not something that we're
going to see anytime soon just because
we don't really need it stop trying to
make bananes happen I will
not I will not stop Dan hit
me sure any updates on the laptop or
shoulder back would really like it for
school as the backpack which is awesome
is a little bulky for my
load let me
check
uh this Gamer's CFT stuff is really cool
it took me about seven minutes to load
the laser plants P have you ever seen a
static flocking
machine what you you put it in this
charged chamber and it charges the base
and you put your glue on it and then you
basically like
explode uh like the grass flock and then
it all sticks in and points in One
Direction so it actually looks like
grass instead of just like dabbing it on
it it's like powder coating but for fake
grass but for fake grass wow no I have
not that's
cool I just Googled
it it looks like something else I used
to uh I used to do
40K expensive hobby unbelievably unless
you go to England it was I bought some
stuff when I was in England and it was
like wow this is extremely affordable
it's almost cheaper to fly to England
buy your models and then fly
back why is it so much cheaper cuz
they're made in England they're made
there I believe
so at least they used to be oh wow I
don't have an update on the notebook bag
but I do have an update on carabina
Replacements I was going to ask that too
we're going to have 500 kits sent out
within the next couple of weeks oh let's
go we're doing it we have more
um no I'm just happy things are starting
the first order is going to have more
but the reason we're doing 500 first is
to mixure yeah so it's a rolling thing
cool um we got an update on some YKK
polls those were pending for a couple
weeks stuff stuff's happening um
magnetic cable management is pending a
launch late this month
apparently um we have some packs also
very cool feeling good for go live uh
there's no update in my in my CW update
for the Gen 7th week which is the most
recent one that I think I have for
Notebook bag and I'll check the previous
one that I also hadn't read
yet no I don't see anything about it in
there either so hopefully I'll get an
update on that fairly soon and then I
can um get you guys up to speed uh as
you might imagine our relationship with
our backpack who is also our notebook
bag supplier has been a little bit more
complicated lately with the whole double
layer thing thing
so you sure want to make it I hope the
ord's in I'm actually not sure though
I'm sorry mhm um did you mention the mag
magnetic Cable Management I can't
remember I did okay good hopefully
launching this month so if you were
looking for if you are one of the people
who got a $25 credit for your backpack
and you're looking for something to uh
try
out that's going to be a big W show you
guys Dan how your fingers feeling
damn ready nice uh all right what are we
supposed to do topics you got
it
Fujitsu agrees that it is morally
culpable don't know exactly what that
means how does that translate to dollars
I guess um that remains to we'll see
morally culpable in 700 plus wrongful
convictions Paul Patterson European head
of Fujitsu has publicly acknowledged
that the company has a moral obligation
to help financially compensate hundreds
of UK postal workers who were wrongfully
charged and convicted of theft and fraud
between 1999 and 2015 Fujitsu supported
the post office in the prosecution of
hundreds of innocent sub postmasters
based on discrepancies found in
fujitsu's Horizon accounting soft I
didn't even know if Fujitsu made
accounting soft one of those companies
that just make all the things the
company now admits that they knew the
software was flawed even at the time and
they took part in an appalling
miscarriage of Justice however Patterson
says that Fujitsu will wait for a judge
to determine the company's share of the
settlement okay you know would I be
trying to come up with something hoping
that if it was like in good faith decent
that maybe I would get
better like maybe I'd be looked at more
favorably in a situation like this or
would I just be like but I'll just I'm
going let
you I'm going wait and see like what
what would be the play what would be
your play I mean obviously we're not
lawyers we don't know the right way to
do this but we can kind of this is we're
talking moral we're talking moral
culpability right now I think you'd have
to try to do something I think I would
i' I'd want to try to do something even
if it's small even if it's just like you
know hey how about like uh like uh
I don't know groceries stippen from now
until this is all resolved and with the
with the understanding that it'll come
out of the total payout or something you
know like just make their lives a little
easier for a bit or something like I
don't know I have no idea what exactly
but I'll try to spitballing Luke I'm
spitballing you know obviously not like
you know a Tim Horton's gift card but
something something meaningful that
makes their makes their lives a little
better for a bit instead of way worse
for a long period of time you 700 plus
people their jobs what wage subsidy
people went to
jail this is bad so at least wage
subsidy um the sub postmasters who are
self-employed contractors started
reporting errors in the Horizon software
only a few weeks after it had been
installed the post office responded by
denying there was any flaw in the system
and forcing individual workers to pay
out of pocket to make up the difference
there's never been any bugs in flow plan
the post you're wrong the post office
privately investigated over 900
contractors then used Horizon as
evidence against them in Criminal Court
leading to imprisonment bankruptcy and
four
suicides even after a 2012 independent
forensic audit found that Horizon had
serious flaws that could explain these
discrepancies the post office stood by
the software's reliability in 2019 the
post office lost a class action lawsuit
brought by over 500 sub postmasters
leading to public inquiry or leading to
a public inquiry the BBC recently aired
a dramatization of the affair which has
drawn public outcry again in response
last week the British prime minister
announced legislation to exonerate the
affected sub postmasters I'm wondering
why this took so long yeah like that's
just criminal I mean there's no word for
it other than
criminal
um yeah I haven't watched the BBC the
program on this but people are adding
additional details in the chat
apparently it's amazing um people are
adding details in the chat that are just
appalling like like this is up
man yeah this this is this is this is
like so one one thing that I'm I'm
getting a little bit lost here though
was it the post office that said there
was no bugs or was it
Fujitsu um the post office said there
was no bugs but we don't I don't think
we know
um what fujitsu's role is because we
haven't watched the thing yet right but
like yeah I
mean is that is that not at the very
least
manslaughter like for the people
responsible
for like can technically I yeah I don't
think you can be charged for someone
else's no you can be charged for someone
else's suicide if you bully or go them
into it
yeah into legal stuff that we don't
understand in a country that we're not
in but like it's going to be wild whoa
yeah
absolutely anyway um so uh I am not a
financial adviser but maybe don't invest
in
Fujitsu if you've been watching the
whole show that'll make
sense oh
wild what's
up I guess it's a small amount but like
I I would assume would have assumed this
would have done something huh lunch
break
nice well this is the one day no just
mean this this is this like the uh the
jaanese stock market or something
springing back over the last one day I
mean that can that's that's a thing
though cuz people buy the dip right
yeah any who um but this is like I
wonder when this news broke cuz they've
been going down
since what happened
here stocks are
weird anyways that's horrible people are
like yeah this won't matter to uh their
stock because they're like as big as
General Electric speaking of General
Electric they make like
everything General Electric appliances
threatens legal action against open-
Source Dev and of of course this was
going to end up on the W show appliance
manufacturer hire who owns both General
Electric appliances and Hoover has
issued a takedown order against Andre
BOS I'm so sorry I butchered your name
I'm sure a developer who maintains the
op Source home assistant integration
plugins for hires h on Han I don't know
whatever this is their smart control app
I think it's like home on but shortened
according to hire's notice the plugins
use their services in an unauthorized
manner which is causing significant
economic harm to their company the
are you talking about H what what
economic har people buy your
product I wouldn't even begin to
consider an appliance wait do they have
service I wouldn't even begin to
consider buying your Appliance if it
didn't have a plug-in for home assistant
and if I wasn't a home assistant user
then I would have no idea what
home assistant is so what the are
you talking
about okay I'm ready to
listen oh I I need to look into this
more but uh Mario p and full playe chat
said the post office said there was no
bugs Fujitsu staff witness statements
were edited by the post office to remove
references to their being we don't know
enough about that but we need to look
more into this right now um I'm
wondering if there is a software
solution that General Electric has that
they're trying to sell that people are
using um home assistant for instead
wonder if that's what they're saying
because I agree you're buying the
appliance thing whatever I suspect
people are buying this because it works
with home assistant more than anything
else um probably not the home assistant
Community is pretty small is it oh yeah
it's just my circles I guess yeah yeah
it seems like a big idea everyone I talk
to about home automation just talks
about home
assistant so either
way either way this is this is crap
um I don't want a billion different
stupid apps with a billion different
subscription services so H tweeted out
saying the higher brand in the US is
independent of higher Europe and
operates separately Han or h on or
whatever is the connected iot platform
for ire Europe in the US customers can
use our open iot platform smart HQ smart
HQ does not prevent Integrations with
home assistant okay so shout out higher
us yeah for doing things right at least
is and for saying this publicly today
yeah and for coming out and condemning
their their cousin company over in
Europe um it's time for their cousin
company over in Europe to
uh figure this out cuz this is not cool
this is not how it
works um oh IM gimle says higher us
actually has an API that anyone can use
to interact with their gear that's super
cool Cody 4K says go go European
commission yeah really yeah I mean hey
we've talked about it a fair bit like
the EU being pretty cool and stuff this
is something that needs to happen we
cannot allow Appliance companies like
you're you're stuck with this sh for
like 20 years right like these are not
this is not even a phone where it's like
optimistically you're going to use it
for five I think Samsung just committed
to seven years with the Galaxy s24
that's kind of a big deal have in the
dock I totally forgot to is cool talk
about that this week but um you know
optimistically you're going to use this
phone for you know seven years or
whatever we're talking stuff that you
are maybe going to use for 20 30 years
like no you you don't get to just sell
me something with the with the
understanding that I can you know access
it through this Plugin or whatever and
then just go no forget it now you need
to pay our subscription fee for
for like the the the the the the
lifespan of I don't know what kind of
animal lives for a
horse how long do horses live I think
they live about that
long 25 to 30 years nailed
it okay
any uh it is unclear at this time
whether the plugins actually contain any
proprietary code but BOS has announced
that he will be pulling the plugins in
the next few days due to fear of legal
reprisal yeah under certain
circumstances I would I would love to be
like yeah I'm going to get together a
coalition of creators and we're going to
like fund your defense or whatever but
like um this is General Electric we just
talked on the show about how you know
lawsuits can run like I I I actually
don't have the money Apple trying to
suit for 73 million if they if they
decide to like go ham at this um and and
it sucks that the best advice I can give
is that yeah you probably should just
pull the plugin I I think you should
pull the plugin and immediately uh
send I don't know how you do this
contact some form of representative in
the European commission and try to get
some stuff moving they seem to be
aggressive about this stuff this might
legitimately be something that they want
to jump on and it might not be this
specifically they might not have go
after like General Electric speciic
specifically but they might solve this
problem for the industry as a whole
which is way better anyways and then you
can release your plugin back again I
think that's the way to go not that
they're watching or care but
yeah um open AI made two notable changes
to their terms of service this week
first the company announced that they're
adding new rules prohibiting the use of
their llm tools to create political
misinformation or to impersonate a
political candidate or official that's
going to help a lot because it's not
like there are any other similar tools
that could be used to do these things
zero I mean in all seriousness though we
should be supportive yeah it is a good
thing what's less good is that open AI
quietly dropped language Banning the
military use of their tools what a
company owned by Microsoft huh what do
you mean what do you mean what do you
mean yeah all right cool so um according
to leaked internal documents one thing
I'll say oh sure is if you didn't think
other countries are doing this you're
nuts according to leaked internal
documents Amazon is preparing to launch
a paid subscription for an upgraded
version of Alexa later this year
tentatively named Alexa plus can you
imagine yourself paying for Alexa no I
don't have any Alexa enabled devices at
all so definitely not the new Alexa has
llm chat botlike
features I mean it'll cost a lot for
them to run so there's that intended to
improve reason Anders abilities
including the ability to disu between
when a useres talking when they
briefly wow progress however it's
apparently prone to rambling factual
errors and hallucination the documents
also reveal a degree of internal
conflict within Amazon because some
employees felt the company shouldn't
charge for the new features how are they
going to pay for it yeah that's that
that sounds like people who really cool
idea would rather be off than deal with
having a balance sheet that is positive
like I I love ideas but
that's ultimately you want a raise at
the end of the year and everybody needs
to eat so if there's some massive new
expense someone has to pay for it yeah
is it going to be you with your salary
or is it going to be the customer yeah I
don't know BOS isn't going to take less
kind of silly um oh right sorry I keep
saying Alexa sorry sorry guys I forgot
um maybe soon you'll have Al play
despacito oh stop stop Luke you're going
to make the two people that use Alexa
upset what aing
I hope I got somebody you
probably got both of them you almost
certainly
did you got me
[Laughter]
yes man oh that was worth
it it's an older meme but it checks
out that was the song everyone used to
do right yes yeah I thought so um The
Vision Pro has apparently no hot apps
pre-orders have started as of yesterday
we've got our order in I think it's
delivery is scheduled for late March or
April or something like that so that
either means they're getting a lot of
orders or it means they're not producing
a lot of them uh demand is reportedly
high enough that it has exceeded
available stock in several US
cities strangely attempting to
pre-ordered online seems to require an
iPhone or an iPad with face ID really
huh you know it doesn't surprise me that
much I have a whole thing that I want to
do on how impossible it is to uh cancel
Apple arcade from an Apple
TV if I didn't don't own an iPad or an
iPhone the only way to cancel a
subscript you cannot do it on the Apple
TV there is no button
got to be illegal it should be illegal
that's got to be illegal already you
cannot that that like has to be illegal
uh also this is a fun one um I could not
find any way to remove my payment
information they scan your face for the
cushion people are saying because I am
the family plan owner so as a family
plan owner I must have a valid credit
card unless it like
expires I actually do not see how that
could possibly be legal either they
might be able to update your credit card
if you get a new one if it expires as
well Google can do that I'm pretty sure
Apple can do that no I just mean I
couldn't remove it no but what I'm
saying is even if the card expires if
you get issued a new one they might be
able to get that number from your bank
Google can do that really yeah like uh
Google pay I'm fairly certain Apple pay
can do this as well okay well Apple
didn't win my uh card lapsed before so
do you have Apple pay like tap with your
phone and pay no okay yeah I'm pretty
sure that system can yeah no just my
Apple arcade subscription lapsed because
my card expired and it did not
automatically has done that for me yeah
so Apple pay and Google pay will both
update your card with information from
your bank but like they'll have your new
card's information in your phone before
you even receive your new card in the
mail chat like use privacy one of your
previous sponsors I want to it's not in
Canada it's not in Canada I really wish
it was yeah me too it's a super cool
service I will shill for privacy anytime
they're not even like have they even
sponsored in a while not in a while yeah
still super cool yeah they just wish
they were in
Canada anyway yeah so I I want to do a
whole thing on it where I like live I go
through and I show you guys hey how hard
it was to subscribe to it in the first
place just on my Android phone through a
browser it was like almost impossible
and then unsubscribing was literally
impossible it could not be done on the
Apple TV could not be done on my phone
in a browser could not be done on my
computer and a browser I had to download
the desktop iTunes application if for
whatever reason I did not own a desktop
PC if my only Computing device was an
Apple TV it would be completely
impossible to cancel my subscription or
because I'm a family manager remove my
credit card because I was like okay
screw it I'll just remove my credit card
I don't need to buy anything else from
Apple and it wouldn't allow me to do it
you actually cannot keep my credit card
information against my will that cannot
possibly be legal anywh who the reason
for them requiring an iPhone an iPad
with face ID is that they scan your face
to make sure the cushion fits better
apparently uh despite Apple's claim that
most iPad apps can play on The Vision
Pro without any changes it seems the
device won't have access to most top
apps from the App Store at launch
including and this is uh these are some
Heavy Hitters Amazon
Netflix YouTube Instagram Facebook and
Tik Tok according to Mac stories none of
the top 46 apps on the App Store will be
available as a native app and just above
a third of them will be available in
compatibility mode meaning that nearly
2third of developers explicitly opted
out of making their iPad app compatible
with the headset YouTube confirmed that
it was not allowing its app to be used
in compatibility mode did not clarify
why and instead suggested that Vision
Pro users should access the site through
a browser so discussion question for you
what is the most likely reason that so
many companies would actively avoid
allowing their apps to be used on a hot
new Prestige
product I honestly don't know like would
you allow float plane in compatibility
mode if people are like yeah I want to
try it or would you be worried about a
whole bunch of support calls if it
doesn't work right yeah we are a
statistically extremely small team for
what we do though um I feel like a a
team like Netflix would be able to
handle that what if they just didn't
give a about the 63 people that are
going to be watching Netflix that's
possible yeah maybe the um I I I'm
surprised they wouldn't try to buddy
with apple more and just do it to make
apple happy uh I don't think anything
makes Apple Happy other than money I
don't I don't I I'm I'm not convinced
that that's like really a thing okay I I
don't know have you seen any evidence of
it no I have no idea it seems like their
their relationship with app developers
is pretty adversarial for the most part
I just I find that like a lot of these
companies will have apps for like
everything you could imagine because
they just have like these monstrous Dev
teams and they're just like yeah we're
going to support every freaking TV and
every way and all this other type of
stuff I don't know maybe we should try
it when we get ours try what Flo plane
app oh wait we don't have an iPad out
okay then forget it yeah there you go
all right see you later hey we could
maybe get oh he's like far away now and
stuff but there know I'm not even going
to talk about it because I I learned my
lesson of of telling people what we're
working on for floow plane cuz then they
want it like tomorrow oh what is it I
don't know I don't even think you know
no you have to tell me nope I'll call
your boss I'm not even on
shift I've been working for 12 hours
today come at me
bro
[Laughter]
all
right Google more layoffs um Google has
laid off over a thousand staff across
their business in the last nine days I
made sure our YouTube rep was okay hey
shout out glad you're good um nice
according to an internal Memo from CEO
CER Pai these layoffs will not be as
severe oh there's more coming they say
oh wow okay um yeah there's more well
that man that
sucks uh in other news amd's Phoenix 1
and Phoenix 2 apus are not twin cores
this is this is a cute headline from
presumably Jessica for some time we've
known that AMD would be using two
different chips in its ryzen 8000g apus
Phoenix 1 and Phoenix 2 cool names with
the biggest difference we were aware of
being that Phoenix 2 uses some zen4 C
cores so these are these compact ones
that um on the server side of things
anyway allow greater core density at the
expense of higher clock speeds um and I
believe they also have less cash but I'm
not sure if that's anything to do with
the cores themselves or if it's um the
uh the bigger caches uh so don't quote
me on that but full specs posted by
gigabyte show that Phoenix 2 apus not
only use z4c cores but they have fewer
pcie Lanes which will cap them to two
pcie Gen 4 lanes for the secondary nvme
slot further while Phenix 1 has eight
pcie 4.0 lanes for adding gpus Phoenix 2
has only four currently the ryzen 5
8500g is the only retail design using
Phoenix 2 and I will be very interested
to see if AMD even seeds these Phoenix 2
chips to reviewers or if they are going
to pull a
quiet H well here's the SK you should
review
and these ones will also be like on New
Egg and maybe people will just like buy
those ones cuz they're less expensive
and they'll assume it's that but cheaper
I am I'm not liking this um that few
pcie lanes could be a major
disadvantage for this chip especially as
it
ages yeah four lanes for a GPU do you
find it misleading that the two is
worse um it's a code name so I don't
worry about that as much got it okay the
fact that they're all
8,000g just with like one number
different to me indicates that they are
feature similar and I am not pleased
with this yeah I think that's it for
topics this week Dan I think it's time
for after dark okay is that it I thought
there was something you were supposed to
talk about that wasn't in the list oh
radon challenge update that can be that
can be after dark
okay
oh oh after dark is brought to you by
dbrand again because the sales team
apparently um has found that only dbrand
is interested in sponsoring after dark
hey dbrand if you're watching this which
I know you almost certainly are uh oh
wow got him um dbrand if you're watching
this uh you can probably negotiate with
the uh Biz team because I don't think
they have any other offers for wano
after dark so what but what are you
doing why am I helping them yeah well I
just in good faith I'm offering them
more why are you why are nerfing the
business no I'm offering them I'm
offering them good advice yeah but
they've got Target so that so that
dbrand will feel indebted to us and
offer to pay more oh it's it's 4D chess
I don't think it's going to work yes
like next level emotional manipulation I
think you just sacked your
queen he just lost your queen in the
fourth dimension now it's time for the W
show after dark brought to you by dbrand
check out their new grip case now
available for the Samsung s24 okay
there's a whole thing hold on hold on a
second
uh oh my God okay hold on we're going to
get to this in a second okay oh man my
phone's been blowing up I haven't been
actually looking at any of this okay uh
Nick says hoping for summer for the
laptop bag uh waiting on a reply from
our new CEO before we can move forward
we'll follow up next week that's cool
okay got it and even
better the one and only Miz Sarah
but what has forwarded our first samples
for our touch grass product what yeah
apparently we're already working on it
so it's just a cute little looks great
it's a cute little um that's so cool
it's a cute little bread themed
dinosaur standing yeah I don't know you
guys can't really see it but there's a
little bread brontosaurus uh standing on
a little pad of grass and and there's a
little cute little frame so I I need
create a warehouse to like turn into
like one of the Samsungs of the world
where they just make everything yeah
yeah creat a warehouse Insurance yeah uh
why not yeah why not yeah okay I think I
also had a message from uh dbrand about
the whole
s24 like stylus something yeah okay here
we go so they posted this on Reddit um
they have not found any difference
between the performance of an s23 ultra
S Pen versus an S2 four Ultra S pen
while a MAG safe case is
attached uh Samsung has acknowledged the
interference between magnets and the S
Pen going back as far as the Galaxy Note
8 they advise those who encounter
magnetic interference to use the Spen
with more force of course A lot has
changed since then what can you expect
when using a MAG safe enabled case on
your Galaxy
Ultra this effect differs from accessory
to accessory nevertheless logical
conclusion okay okay okay sometimes they
write a lot
um here's how the roll out will
work oh they're going to have a nonm
saafe variant for all their ultramodel
Galaxy cases Okay cool so if you if
you're worried about it then you can
just get one that doesn't have mag safe
and doesn't have magnets in it okay or
you can get one that does I guess maybe
I'm not sure uh check it out on Reddit
the point is uh check out their new grip
case now available for the Samsung s24
Series linked down
below
Dan yeah how you doing over there I'm
okay how about you you had a nice day I
I've had I've had an okay day it sure
looks nice
tiring would you like a merch message um
I mean I guess it's an option okay if we
ever want to get out of here what do you
guys do with teams I've never been
logged out across four different
employers and multiple computers do you
use funky Windows login configurations
yeah Luke we don't have yeah Dan can you
guys fix this no eventually oh you want
to make it a you want to make it a a
quarterly priority I mean I don't set
them anymore but I would yes I find it
really annoying I'm pretty sure we can
fix it if we get
um I always forget the name of it a ad
Jake told oh active directory yeah okay
cuz Jake told me like a thousand years
ago that there wasn't a way to configure
it but that was literally a thousand
years ago so there is there is I I I
through some very light Googling I think
we might need a um entra now okay yeah I
don't know there is ways to to deal with
it
[Music]
ENT TR not looking forward to that
fine Hi D can you is this really going
to be that annoying the whole time I do
not know that was not in my instruction
okay never mind I take it back dbr needs
to pay extra if they're going to have
this down here it's also like
the opposite of
dark everything else is dark we have
this like very bright daytime scene rip
o users
yeah noik we know there's like a lot of
things that can be better I was
delivered a thing that was on fire we're
working on it it's not as on fire
anymore it's getting better okay you
brought me into the fire I blame you as
well that's fair hold on I can I can uh
ruin some of D Brand's money there we
go okay that's a little
better oh no it breaks the whole thing
though dang it I'll just white stretch
it I just leave it oh now we can black
stretch it there we go okay that helps
maybe a little that's a little better
thanks
Dan damn it okay uh Hi D can you talk
about the early days of the Forum and
how you ensured a positive and Safe
Community looking to start something
similar to catalog and compile
historical info about a specific Place
well our mod team was and is awesome and
uh part of it is that we just kind of
have a pretty positive community so for
the most part I mean I mean part of it
was the you
know vision for the Forum was to not
want to be like a toxic uh place where
where put Downs are considered to be
acceptable between members um there
there's obviously exceptions it's any
any where you put two people someone's
likely to disagree with somebody about
something and get heated but um there
was also a
a way back there was a a mountain of
work from the venerable Mr Wizard and
these days mortise speaking of speaking
of um these are our
rules ensure a friendly atmosphere to
our visitors and Forum members ensure
the freedom of expression and exchange
of information in a mature and
responsible manner don't be a dick will
Weeden be excellent to each other Bill
and Ted remember your audience both
present and future that's it yeah pretty
much I mean we get more specific and all
that but yeah but honestly that top bit
is should be all you really need it
really should and yet it isn't correct
um yeah the mods the mods hold it
together yeah I mean it basically
operates as a completely independent
thing these days we we've taken more of
the the ad Mini Server management stuff
in house to try to free up mortise as
much as possible um so Jonathan and
Tyler from the FIP plan team are have
been on top of that but that's not the
community fostering the community
fostering has been all the the mods in
the community itself yeah it's actually
kind of hilarious how very independent
from LTT it is these days like as far as
I can tell it's a hot bed for LTT haters
at this point yeah how ironic there's a
bunch of that
too which we always committed to not
clamping down on and we stay committed
to we are for for all the for all the
criticism it's all still there one one
of the spoken but not written written
original news uh wow that was a really
difficult sentence for me I'm not sure
why one of the spoken but not written
original rules of the site was that in
regards to going after people you could
go after us and nobody else was fair
game that was kind of how it was
supposed to be they really took that and
ran with it they sure did
yeah yeah hello LDL with the snowy
Canadian Winters how do the line of
socks and sandals combo work I'm
actually wearing shoes today he is yeah
there's like slush puddles that are this
deep the slush puddles are rough the
snow you can do but the slush puddles
it's just it's a puddle I have a whole
technique for snow you like lift
straight up and go straight down yeah
and you can kind of make your way
through it a little bit Yeah but no I
got I got shoes on today hi w. dll have
you done any more research into
automated cleaning Bots like the one
Walmart has thinking of the Badminton
Center no not yet I mean we're so far
away from completion on that um I
thought we were supposed to be done in
March yeah it's already been pushed
remember how I said I
had yeah you should probably tell I was
not informed the people that are going
to be building a bunch of stuff in the
building I was not informed either sir
oh okay I I was unequivalently told
March and then I said bet and then you
were like no absolutely March what that
there shut up that's not what happened I
that is on the WAN show
you can find that clip wait what
database he'll find it please there's no
way I always say that construction is
always delayed I I specifically remember
somebody telling me unequivocally that
it was absolutely going to be March was
I being verbally ironic probably did we
ever figure out what sardonic meant I I
do not fully understand what sardonic
means no no I think it's like a like a
light light-hearted kind of um like
insincerity of some sort but it's not or
cynical okay sure yeah so then I clearly
did not know cic okay well not being
marched makes things a little bit easier
I don't have to lay awake at night
stressing about it anymore
um yeah great there is absolutely I mean
come on yeah okay yeah w w database I'd
love to I I'd love to know if I said
that I find man I find very hard to
believe maybe I'm crazy I'll try to get
that phone next week not look the
reality of it is I do they're on it
they're on it it's going to probably
take till next week but they're on it
Arthur's on it okay all right hilarious
I'm going to get lambasted if I'm wrong
yeah I'm so Al lie I I have a feeling
dug in pretty hard here I have a feeling
what might have been said is that that's
the date we currently have so we should
be at a full preparedness level for that
date I doubt said anything that planning
for that date maybe that's what I said
that sounds like something you would
say I would say I think I would say
something more along the lines
[Laughter]
of we'll figure it out well Arthur will
figure it out nice thanks Arthur cool
hey dll thinking about the oh do you
want to know the new ETA that would be
nice uh yeah so um Q2
so April yeah maybe get it it's still
march where's my ding I'm going home
where the is my
ding that was pretty good thank
you uh hey D think about the potential
of future Tech or mechanical augments
humans May potentially be able to make
their bodies in the near future how far
would each of you be willing to
go uh um I think it would depend on how
my body decayed yeah like when I'm when
I'm when I'm young and functioning well
when I'm like yeah whatever but if you
told me like hey you can have glasses
hanging off your face for the rest of
your life or you can have like this
bionic thing that we like drill into the
back of your eye and put in there and
then you like never need glasses anymore
and your eyes are like better than they
ever were I'm like okay as long as the
success rate is pretty high I I think
the thing that I have would have to be
in a very bad spot and then if that's
the case yeah I'm down like if I'm like
mostly blind yeah yeah let's go but
right now do I want something drilled
into the back of my eye not really yeah
yeah cuz like they're still all right
they're not great but they're all right
yeah they're not great you should really
wear your glasses yeah okay cool I
forgot them for the curling tournament
again yeah yeah oh yeah how' youy you
never told me how the last day went they
they made the they made the uh the the
finals of the consolation bracket that's
a really nice way of saying the losers
bracket no it's a constellation bracket
is it actually yeah Oh I thought it was
legitimately called that's standard
terminology they call it Group B yeah
sure Group B constellation yeah so I had
a curling tournament as I said on the
show and then someone tried to correct
me and they're right it's called a bond
Spiel but if I say Bond Spiel no one's
going to know what the heck I mean um so
it's a tournament whatever uh
traditionally we were in the tournament
um but we won like a bunch of times so I
think that got annoying uh so they they
decided to give my my uncle my brother
and I who have never played a season of
curling they gave each one of us a year
of experience on paper um because we
were at zero years of experience because
we had no years of experience but
because we had played in the novice
tournament a decent amount of times they
said that we had a year of experience
which isn't equivalent but whatever um
and then my dad's accumulated
actually large amount of user experience
cuz he's like he like coaches the
intermediate level or whatever all this
crazy stuff that combined made it so
that we had too many years of experience
collectively on the team of my dad my
brother my uncle and I um to play in the
novice tournament anymore or the novice
bnv um so we had to play in the
like proper tournament yeah against real
teams that really play yeah and if I
remember correctly the year cap for the
novice tournament is like 15 or
something ah yeah so the novice
tournament had good players in it right
yeah and the real tournament has really
good players everyone on that team has
to have been playing for at least almost
four years yeah like on average and a
lot of people that go play at that club
play like a lot right so cuz it's a
curling club nothing else happens there
which probably has some stupid name like
a farn derf or something like a
tournament's called a bond
Spiel I love the creativity behind that
name um but yeah we we were often like
you know the team to beat at the novice
tournament um and then we we definitely
got beaten this time
um we beat one team did your rocks get
socked they they got bopped at the very
least okay Luc is a farn derfer
confirmed um but yeah the
the one thing for me is I try really
hard to be useful so um I I'm trying to
play really well with my shots but when
we go to
sweep I can generate a decent amount of
power so I'm going for it but I'm going
for it hard every time so the next day
I'm really sore oh I see my problem with
that is yeah you have a bit of like
Sprint and collapse sort of mindset yeah
in life yep it's um interesting we'll
call it that sure um I was going to go
with flaw but
sure it works fine if you just never
collapse yeah see but that's the thing
wrong why don't you just continue um so
the next day the soreness kind of threw
my shots off a little bit right okay and
your shoulder's been not perfect over
the last couple years held together for
the tournament oh well okay everything
physically was fine just the S like it's
a lot of fine movements and stuff so
when you're when certain muscles are
tight you're stiff the fine movement is
going to change slightly so when there's
no like practice shots and I haven't
been doing this for a year I had it
pretty dialed on the first day but
because of how we placed we didn't we we
could have played all of our games on
that one day and if we did it would have
been fine but we played the next game
the next morning or midday really yeah
um and that meant that I I was just a
little bit thrown off so I didn't play
that well I didn't play the worst on the
team I think I would say um but I didn't
play that well in the next day um and I
was doing pretty good the day before and
then didn't you mention that uh one of
your family members had to go like save
lives or something so yeah yeah my
brother kind of does that all the time
so he wasn't able to show up so like it
just yeah we didn't end up doing is your
brother's career a secret no he's fir
fighter okay yeah yeah so that's what we
mean
um yeah so it as the team that like
tends to win these all the time it's
taken a long time for you to arrive at
you lost yeah but we were still in the
money really yeah oh so you won more
than you paid to enter the tournament is
that what you mean I don't know if that
ended up being true we got money back we
were in a money placement but due to the
like part of your entry you get like
meals and stuff okay so I don't know if
it actually ended up like making it
positive we did get money back heck yeah
hey shout out good job but so you so you
came in second in the consolation
bracket yes that's a pretty respectable
result it was better than I thought yeah
yeah I didn't think we'd end up in the
finals yeah I was pretty happy we did
that that was a really long story when
he could have just said yeah we
lost it's a lot of excuse Mak I mean I
already told you we lost I forgot you
knew what position we were came in yeah
yeah I forgot though okay I I knew after
the first day I remembered that part and
then I didn't remember until halfway
through your very long story that you
had told me about rich not being able to
be there and stuff I thought you wanted
more information no no got it second
place equals first loser yeah I mean I
don't know but didn't you come in second
place in the loser bracket yeah so like
so he's like the second
loser or like yeah a lot a lot
further loser's cousin yeah yeah hi lldd
you all seem good at researching
products to make sure they are high
quality any tips on how to effectively
research products before buying them to
ensure it's a quality product worth
buying customer reviews try to find
customer reviews that look like they're
written by real people
statistics um statistics five five star
reviews is not as good as a, 4.3 star
reviews yeah yeah yeah for sure that's a
good one um you you probably want a
decent amount of reviews but not
everything's going to have it depending
on what you're shopping for I always
want to see a combination of
professional reviewers who have spent
realistically a limited amount of time
with it but know what to look for and
real users who realistically aren't as
sure what to look for but sh shot know
what's annoying uh I need
both no I actually do think he cares his
memory is
just I care about what it's a thing what
are you talking about people are saying
you didn't care about the curling
tournament stuff what curling tournament
stuff it's
curling what more do you want Luke come
on Dan you didn't even win no he could
have just like God asked he's just not
necessarily can remember stuff like that
that's okay yeah and I I I did remember
it just took me a little
while that's why I prompted him for his
brother not being there notice he didn't
say that part
mhm uh maybe I just I you know the part
I didn't remember was just that you lost
actually I remembered the rest of the
stories so maybe he was droning for so
long with all of his EXC exuses that he
never made it to that part it might be
true that's yeah um game might have
started or something yeah the last big
tip is actually a really good one is
make sure you also read the onear
reviews M cuz if the onear review is
just like my shipment got lost it it got
here late which is just like both of
those are probably outside of the
company's hands that has nothing to do
with the the quality of the product so
what are you even talking about like um
so you got to make sure that you're
pinching whatever salt is necessary on
the the pieces of information that might
not be fully representative yeah you
should jump around you should read the
high ones read the low ones also read
the middle ones cuz sometimes I find the
middle ones will also have alternative
product suggestions where they'll be
like oh this was pretty good but I
prefer this other one it's like oh maybe
you not necessarily you should just go
buy that other one immediately but maybe
you should go look at
that um wrong
tab hi like have you considered making a
public road map for float plane would
love to know if an Android TV app is on
the horizon uh I archived it okay hi LT
I work at the Wikipedia Foundation as a
fast developer on Wikipedia are there
any features you wish Wikipedia
had I could try I can answer them
slightly Luke don't
no I can answer them slightly I don't I
don't really want to do a road map my
reason for that is the team is extremely
small so if if we want someone to work
on something new they have to stop
working on something else so sometimes
things get shelved for a certain period
of time we also are very small so if
someone say gets sick that thing will
just Bey on pause until they're back
there often isn't another person to work
on it um so people will get raged when
something gets delayed when sometimes
it's just cuz like we're trying to not
be mean to the people that work with us
um and honestly one of the best
solutions to that is just not really
tell you guys what's coming until it's
like in beta and you can play with it um
so that's been a somewhat of a new
strategy and with everything that I just
said in mind I will not comment on the
Android TV
apps I work at Wikipedia found Wikimedia
Foundation as a fost developer on
Wikipedia are there any features that
you wish Wikipedia
had
um Wikipedia's pretty good I yeah it
does what I want no
notes yeah I don't know it's kind of
great like I actually found you know
that the the eBay stocking Scandal thing
we covered I think it was last week I
found the best coverage for that was
just the Wikipedia page on it yeah cool
like wow pretty good um chat has some
thoughts dark mod I mean is such a
simple site though you could just use a
dark reader or something right I'm I am
certain there are third party add-ons to
make Wikipedia Dark mode I'm surprised
they don't have a dark mode but um
solidarity let's
go all
right hit me down why can't you emulate
Cuda on other gpus I know it's a
dedicated Hardware but emulators for
consoles exist I'm not expecting 100%'s
performance but 1% is still better than
0%
you forgot the last part of that message
thanks for the butt cleaner I was
pausing for dramatic effect wait what um
the point of Cuda is performance
day uh so forgot we have this I can't
think of any compelling reason to
emulate Cuda on other Hardware I guess
would be the main thing um I'm sure that
there's I'm sure that there are
developers who might have more thoughts
on this than I do but no I'm I'm not I'm
not really
um yeah I just I just can't think of a
good reason to do it um why would anyone
create that
emulator the hardware is readily
available um so you can you can get a
cheap consumer card and use that for
testing
um yeah I just I just can't think of a
good reason to do it you can even
throw uh you can even throw an Nvidia
card in a system that
doesn't that already has another GPU and
just use it as a Cuda accelerator like
it's uh yeah someone in Philipine chat
said I I lost it so I can't say their
name but uh Wikipedia needs video
content um oh aodb there it is
no yeah no you want to completely
destroy their cost yeah add
video and honestly I can't think of very
many articles that would need it no
n none of them reading yeah read it's a
trip yep sounds
hard um it can be yeah yeah there
apparently are Cuda translation engines
uh Quantum Jank says I was reading about
one the other day um yeah but that would
be that's not an that's not emulation
though is my understanding my my
understanding is that would be tools to
allow you to
recompile um
but yeah guys for for real I am not a
developer so take that for what it
is um last one of the curated that I
have when you do decide to change for
the sake of change if you decide that at
all what would it take for a new WoW
intro or set a new WoW intro would
require me to remember to remind Ed
to and it would require him to have time
to do it h problem so that's that uh as
for the wow
set um we would have to want to spend
money on the wow set which I'm not
feeling especially motivated to do right
now yeah 2023 has been a challenging
year and I don't see 2024 not being a
challenging year yeah I I feel like
unless it moves I wouldn't yeah and even
if it moves maybe you can just seems
fine yeah it's in a state of flux you
know what we could do is we could like
um we could just rotate the whole thing
90 degrees we could have that in the
back
like we hold on here this is
interesting what that that the coolest
wall of the set never gets
shown what why don't we just use that
one what's going
on
whoa
whoa there's something else on the W set
that's
illegal how could this possibly be
allowed
hey that's a relic and slay the Spire
that gives you potions after every
battle now that's a
c200 I meant the white elephant Rhino
whatever
obviously well you've played I guess I
don't
know and are you going to go all the way
over to the other wall oh he's
continuing I like this this is
cool there's something stopping up it's
the arm on the
stand
oh
yeah oh Cam
reception
who speed
pan we're
back you need to adjust what is that
letter on the Shelf I think we can't
tell
you if I remember correctly what that is
we that's supposed to be private right I
think
so I think it I think there's a request
in it to like not read it in a video or
something
I don't remember if that's that one or
not sometimes people send mail that they
like
don't you
know this is not supposed to be a tweet
this is supposed to be
maale
um it's fan mail for the they just
movies podcast oh never mind I thought
it was something else
no ah well I guess it'll keep Liv
there all right Dan hit
me hi w. DL need a home security system
ubiquity is awesome but price is
prohibitive unraid falls down on the GF
approval Factor needing VPN to local
network suggestions on
Alternatives this is a really really
good question and I think will
require more investigation and research
than what I have available to me right
here right now on the show uh maybe chat
will have some
thoughts yeah that might be a forum
one yeah Forum post good suggestion yeah
there are some good suggestions for how
to deal with the VPN um situation like
tail
scale
uh that's a very complicated situation
yeah and if ubiquity is price
prohibitive then 100% this is a forum
post and like a community has to figure
out what it works exactly for your needs
yeah because obviously just about
ubiquity is
great you're
done uh okay up next hey J Phil and Nick
today I proved that the RGB sweater
works with the Boss suit the Jus sense
podcast t T of compliments on the look
if Nvidia ever manages to buy arm do you
think they could topple Intel and AMD uh
I don't I don't think that arm is the
the the threat to Intel and AMD right
now
um okay I shouldn't say that okay hold
on okay the latest Snapdragon processors
are making windows on arm kind of look
viable that's pretty
cool
um
however for a long time you know the the
the conversation around uh you know the
big threat to Intel and AMD has been the
data center and the inroads that arm is
making there but um until and AMD are
still kind of kind of doing okay there
and risk 5 is coming so fast like I
played eurotruck simulator on a risk 5
system that's actually kind of nuts yeah
with with 3D acceleration dude like it
ran like crap but it ran the fact that
it did anything is crazy yeah um risk is
good yeah I I I
I ever manages to buy arm I don't think
they would want to I mean Nvidia their
their CEO has said publicly that anytime
Intel is headed into a business they
they would rather just not go
head-to-head um I I don't I don't see
I I also don't see how they need to buy
arm in order to threaten until an amd's
data center CPU business anyway like
we've already got their super chip and
stuff like that like I just
I could they topple into no yeah no I
don't think it's a I don't think it's a
topple so much as a as an
option when do you decide uh sorry no
that's it that's all I've got for um the
curated there we go hey dll what's your
opinion on the community porting
Spider-Man 2 to PC I know Linus's
opinion on sailing the high seas but
that's a different topic
entirely um I did not know about this to
be perfectly honest with you so I'm
going to have to I'm going to have to
look this
up Luke had you heard of this seen this
what oh the Spider-Man 2 thing yeah yeah
I curated that cuz I was like schwat uh
I think that's a current gen console
only game is that right yes it's PS5 an
unofficial
oh it is not this is according to gam
rant uh it is not expected to be
released after many of the people
involved have withdrawn from the project
an unofficial Marvel Spider-Man 2 PC
Port was derived from materials leaked
in the recent Insomniac data breach and
it has been
scrapped ah yes um I think that I don't
think that's different in the case of
the
Nintendo um breaches and all the kind of
historical you know artwork and assets
and uh developmental history that was
une earthed I was I was pretty
supportive because these were products
that had already made their money in the
case of a game that is going to come to
PC probably at some point I'm not sure
if they've officially announced it or
not but like is probably going to come
to PC at some point but hasn't yet
because of their relationship with Sony
and you know they're they're still very
much actively monetizing this
intellectual property I yeah I'm I I
don't know what to say other than that
no um that's not really very cool you
didn't you didn't make that game um it's
not really yours
also like Insomniac aren't they kind of
cool like should thought so shouldn't we
be cool to
them love the show has there been any
progress with the waterresistant ball
cap I haven't seen or heard anything
about it for a while me neither uh Dan
do you want to just forward this one
internally and maybe uh they can get an
answer sure I will send that to Nick
hello D Luke have you heard of spt it
has to do with tarov yeah uh I I think
it stands for single player tarov
um yeah I
I not really my
thing if I'm going to want to play tarov
I'm probably going to want to play it
with someone else uh unless it if it
supported
Co-op and the AI was good it could be a
fun game uh but without Co-op it doesn't
really mean much to me
um there's so many cheaters in standard
tarov that it's actually insane so like
it would be kind of nice to get away
from that um and they have a they have a
bug right now where if you crouch walk
at minimum speed you actually just make
zero sound uh which in a game like tarov
is
like kind of a problem um but there's
always going to be problems with tarov
so just kind of is what it is I don't
know I would enjoy
a uh like Co-op tarov I think that would
be really cool but single player tarov
is not really my
flavor but I can understand how it would
be for some
people um any more in curated or should
I just start going through the um
potentials I'm looking at the potentials
uh yeah I was replying to potentials so
Luke if you want to pick some potentials
for us to do out loud I'll
go and I got a response back from Nick
light about the ball caps well that's
fast very soon the order is
in uh there's another one it's a quick
and easy
one yeah the uh the order is on its way
to us it is currently in shipping thank
you
Nick uh next question when will computer
pet bed coming out
oh soon yeah I think we just sorted out
a packaging issue where the box was the
wrong size it was too small and it was
like crumpling it too much so we're
going to have a bigger box for it but
yeah I think we're placing our order so
so soon soonish like like on the order
of weeks but not three like like more
than a month worth of weeks but not like
many many months
right um this is a this is a weird one
what are your thoughts on
algorithmically managed Network switches
like what Nile is doing have you ever
heard of
these
no we did uh we actually participated in
a campaign that Cisco was doing um do
you remember man do you guys remember
this hold
on here we go oh yeah here we go here we
go sounds dangerous okay do you guys
remember this campaign from Cisco
with Peter Dinklage Peter
Dinklage no he basically walks around
what is this like London or something I
don't know he walks around some City for
three
minutes positing what if questions about
you know a network that self-
manages and then I remember working with
the agency and being like hey okay so
what exactly is it that you're promoting
and they were
like
we're not sure we assumed you would know
let me get back to you so I find so I
yeah I ended up having to talk to
engineers at Cisco to explain like what
the exactly it was that they were
promoting but it was basically that what
you're talking about like algorithmic
monitoring and reacting to uh changes in
uh Network load or user Behavior or
whatever else um I mean theoretically it
sounds super cool but I would need to
hear from people who
actually admin these networks before I
was going to try to say anything
intelligent about it on W show sounds
kind of like there was an onion article
ages ago when the cloud was a thing HP
has the cloud we definitely do and you
can do all the cloud things on it we
have
it yeah pretty much and all of their
marketing stuff was that they had no
idea it was great uh onion HP didn't
actually like think that uh of course
let's see let's uncover that one um
question for Luke I'm a mechanical
engineer but a lot of my job has turned
into software development I enjoy it and
I'm apparently good at it but I feel
like I don't know what I'm doing
advice no one does stay curious enjoy
your
stay that's about it hello
werin that's a new one that is a new one
I like I like this a lot have you ever
felt external validation of your career
choice from an unexpected person or
event like some random person who thank
you for a specific video I don't know if
my mom ever told me she thought it was
cool that would be
unexpected it's funny because uh she's
the one who got me into Tech in a big
way or in in at least some ways um like
we we were the first people I knew with
internet yeah like 144k baby um but then
like at some point she just completely
lost interest in it or something I don't
whatever um
yeah
shoot
um there's always really random stuff
you get recognized in in like you've
mentioned this before but if you go into
like a Best Buy it's like yeah okay yeah
but you expected that yeah so that's an
easy answer no no no that's not what I'm
saying um like those ones are easy
expected Etc um
there there's been for me it's always
like people that do stuff that I think
is like like like when when when we
figured out that like people from NASA
watch our show I was just like yeah
that's pretty
cool
what I don't know like you're way
smarter than yeah like what what's going
on how can like anything I say be
beneficial or interesting to you but
yeah I don't know um it's
cool hey D lonus you often refer to
Final Fantasy 6 as your favorite games
uh one of your favorite games if Essie
you were to remake it would you prefer
to have it done in AAA fashion I.E 7R or
with 2.5d visuals more akin to octopath
traveler I think having played six so
many times I would actually be pretty
open to a reimagining of the story more
like seven
remake I would be unhappy with how long
that would take like looking at how long
all the parts of seven remake are taking
to come out like i' I'd be old and gray
by the time I could play it um at this
point especially because Final Fantasy 6
does not get enough
love like what they're going to remake
SE like what what Would You remake next
after seven probably not six
not no one's going to remake eight
nobody cares about eight except you
you're the one
person and I don't even have to say
anything no you don't count the one
other the one other person that was
going to
say yeah I could see them doing it would
probably be 10 I was going to say 10
yeah but with worse voice
acting I don't think that would be
possible us the ones that I hear spoken
about the most in order is seven then
six than 10 and I I'm not even including
you um yeah but the six Community is
really
loud the 10 Community is much bigger got
it I mean it's frustrating for me
because nine is if I'm being honest
probably better than any of them nine is
i' like never talk about n nine is so
good it's glorious it's it's a
masterpiece um people are saying yeah
krono trigger would probably get a
remake before Final Fantasy 6 100% uh I
accidentally just archived one where
someone was asking me if I've made a bur
burrito with my birds and I don't know
what that means you wrap it up in a
little in in a in a and eat them no um
no never well never done that except for
when you need to handle them and feed
them medicine and stuff but I've never
done it for like fun they hate it um
some larger birds are more comfortable
with it but they not a fan lus says
somebody who has successfully built and
managed a tech focused business common
misconception it is a media focused
business but carry on it's less Media
Group that's right what advice do you
have for individuals looking to start
their own business in 2024 oh good
luck I know the news says economic
recovery
coming that means it's not going to
happen right it's kind of tough times
right now I um I I I I'm trying to
figure out and you know what maybe there
are places where you know things are
different but I'm kind of trying to
figure out what they're talking
about I mean economists right they're
experts they you know know or something
maybe but there's a big difference
between the stock market you know doing
really good and what's happening to like
real people and the earnings the stock
market doesn't reflect at all what
happens to real people it doesn't care
in the slightest yeah uh people are
saying interest rates are coming down
yeah but that's that's rumored yeah
interest rates are supposed to be coming
down that that will only help in certain
ways it won't hurt in you know in
general but
um um you know go hard but play it
safe you know make sure you've got
something that has a has a has a clear
value you know regardless of of what
kind of Economic Times we're heading
into
yeah lld but mostly Linus here in the
year of Our Lord tet is it TSH T I don't
I don't do the I don't do the foreign
words very well I only I only read I've
never heard it said out loud so I'm not
not going to be able to help you really
yeah okay uh uh are you watching Canucks
games now that they're competitive or is
it badminton hours till the end no um I
I I'm Googling it I I stopped watching
competive I stopped watching NHL hockey
after I think either the last lockout or
the one before the lockout I was I've
talked about this before but I was just
kind of tired of um I got sort of
disenchanted with the whole thing I
stopped seeing teams as you know teams
representing my city and I started
seeing them for what honestly sorry to
Red Pill you here but for what they are
businesses they're businesses they build
Brands they extract money
from customers you're not a fan you're a
customer and they're not a team they're
a business um and so I just it just it
made it really hard for me to cheer and
since I don't bet all of a sudden the
stakes were really low for me and it
just kind of drained the fun out of it I
still love hockey i' still love to watch
hockey I would play hockey if I had the
physique for it um it's it's just it's
such an amazing sport it's
it's great uh but I just I I also just
don't have the kind of time that I used
to back when I really followed it and
watched every game uh with that said I
read um I do know how things are going
and I I pay attention to the cast of
characters um they're having a heck of a
season I mean I guess maybe this is
maybe this is it we're due to uh to
losing game seven in the finals it's
been a
while for those wondering it's happened
three times we've never actually brought
home a Stanley Cup but three connect
teams 82 94
and
204 2006 some sometime sometime around
there um all three times to I think it
was the Islanders the Rangers and then
the Bruins uh they went to seven games
and couldn't get her
done so yeah was it 2011 thanks guys
2011 uh
uh yeah it's uh it's it's it's I play
badminton I don't play hockey and I I I
don't have time to watch games but I'm
like I'll I'll just end up like slack J
staring at the TV if there's a hockey
game on in like a restaurant or
something like that I don't have cable
happens to me too so I don't have an
easy way to watch uh the one time I
subscribed for cable I got a free trial
right as the playoff started so that I
could watch the playoffs and then I
canceled it
after so yeah I do like hockey just no
but yeah the the boys boys are doing a
bang up job this year yeah lineups you
have built out your home
network L I guess as as you've already
finished your home network are there any
updates or changes you would have done
I'm about to finish construction on a
new home looking to upgrade my current
60 Wi-Fi to 7 oh Wii 7's amazing uh the
good news is that nothing will prevent
me from just swapping out 60 access
point for seven uh when the time comes
I'm not going to bother until I have any
seven devices in the house
um more cond do it I hey I replaced the
display port cable to My Lan PC it was
damaged I I'm I'm pretty sure 100% now
that it was damaged because now that I
have a new cable in it's working
perfectly but I was getting blanking
issues and it took about 3 hours to go
from the mechanical room room through
the theater over to the land Center and
then from the pole station in the land
Center over to pc1 and we actually
buried two extras in the wall but they
were both just short of long enough for
pc1 like it would have been fine for
Station 2 3 four or five um but the
conduit was a lifesaver I mean it would
have taken me forever it would have
taken me tens of hours of ripping out
drywall and putting it back on and
mudding and painting it like like it
just if I wanted it embedded in the wall
yeah more conduit is more better how
this should just have conduit it I
probably would have run more
fiber fiber's cool mhm it's not
necessary not for home but it's really
cool I didn't know it was going to be
like land parties at my house though you
know like 50 users you know we're doing
another one right yeah yeah can be good
I don't know Chase is going to work
March March oh do we have a date no
it'll probably get
pushed we still don't know who's in the
right on that one yeah I don't care it
doesn't matter we were going to get it
done no matter what yeah all right the
time the time a little bit worried about
the certain things because of that now
but you know
yeah uh let's see let's see as someone
who's gearing up to start a company why
are ethically run companies so rare
nowadays how do you instill company
ethics in your new
hires I think we need to do a better job
of integrating new hires we've grown
really fast over the last couple of
years and I think that culturally we've
struggled a little
bit that's totally not at all with the
question was asking
but yeah like oh oh oh yeah I guess they
were asking about ethics not culture I
consider ethics like a pretty key part
of your culture though no he was asking
how you do it and you said I said we
haven't done a great job but we have at
points okay I mean I guess I mean well
do you not at all know how to do
it well you just have to you have to
just be a good
example
um trickle down
ethics
I I um I unarchived it well and it's not
just that right like you also have to be
willing to listen yeah like we've we've
had we've had times when there's a lot
of times from your perspective you won't
see it whatever it is and so and a lot
of times I still won't see it the first
time someone brings it up I mean
people's minds are hard to change right
um including our own
and I'm not perfect I won't be
but um I think just trying matters a
lot and I hate to be this guy but uh a
lot of non-ethical practices lead to
successful businesses so that's probably
why you see less of them
yeah we've definitely created trouble
for ourselves that we could have avoided
by just lying cheating or
stealing
Y and one one negative thing and I've
brought this up a bunch the example that
I almost always use is the
uh developers speaking on stage at
blizzard thing but it extrapolates to
like everything um but when a company
does do something
good uh by like admitting something or
doing whatever else like anything on
those Realms and then the community just
assumes it's the tip of the iceberg
spearheads them for it yeah that can
Crush companies that are trying to do
good things and just because the silent
ones that are doing bad stuff you don't
hear about because no one's bothering to
investigate or do anything like that um
those companies end up living and it's
like it's a problem I've brought this up
a bunch of times on the show but I think
sometimes uh certain communities don't
understand um like I see this in Pokmon
go a lot I've started playing because it
gets me out walking and people scream so
much in that game all the communities
like I was all excited I was like this
is really fun there's like events every
weekend like this weekend I'm planning
on going out it's going to be snowy
whatever I'll chge through it because
there's some event do I really care
about the Pokmon no but it's some
gamified thing that makes my brain want
to go for a walk so I'm I'm diving in um
but the community is just so mad all the
time like I'm I'm All happily playing
this game and I look into like what's
going on on Reddit or whatever else and
the whole thing's just a dumpster fire
and it's like oh wow okay you don't
don't have to be so mad about everything
all the time and I think sometimes
people don't necessarily understand they
like really like this thing so they're
really passionate about it then
something about it bothers them so they
just scream to the mountains and they
don't necessarily understand that
newcomers to this thing also known as
the thing that's going to help keep the
thing that you like alive are going to
be scared off by the amount of hate
that's being spread all the time so like
you kind of need to do the the
compliment sandwich thing more often and
in more Realms uh because
like if you only ever point out the bad
you never point out the good then
adoption is going to fall and then this
thing that you like clearly considering
you're still playing or enjoying it or
doing engaging with it or whatever it is
um is going to just completely die and
you won't have it anymore so try to
remember that that applies to companies
that applies to video games that applies
to
whatever all right I think we've just
got one or two more uh we had someone
asking about oh did that get archived or
answered or something all right see you
later oh yeah no here it is Michael asks
what game do you think was most
overhyped than
underperforming
versus the most unanticipated success so
so underhyped and overperforming this
year also this was the one I was more
interested in what game do you think
killed a studio the hardest this year
cuz there was that um the gollem didn't
kill the studio no but that was that was
a big blow that was that was probably
the overhyped underperforming one yeah
um what was that one that that recent
one where they launched the game and it
like was completely not what they said
it was that was just a scam though I
think that studio was dead no matter
what Okay it definitely got killed
really hard that's true I don't remember
the name of it um oh pal world looking
hot yeah that's that Pokemon with guns
thing I kind of want to try
[Laughter]
it um yeah I don't remember the name of
this game yeah the day after yeah I
don't remember what it was something
kind of like that oh shoot I just
accidentally archived one all
right I don't remember what it's called
but yeah it was basically a scam and
then it got pulled because it was
basically a scam something like
that I think that is pretty much it yeah
uh we will enjoy all of your the Steve
mock necks um it's been pretty popular
nice
um yeah we're still working on Long
t-shirt formats don't worry it it's
happening uh and we'll see you again
next week same bad time same bad Channel
[Music]
bye